Speaker A: So we will rock and roll here with our, oh, Christy coming in. We might do it in reverse because we've got a question with two, only two questions submitted, but we have you, Lynette, and Gav, and Gav isn't here this second. Hello, Christy, we can see you've come in there. Hey, hey, well, we can't see you, but we can see you there and we can hear you. Oh, there you are. Yay, you made it! Oh, we can't hear you then.

Speaker B: Oh, I was going to say, I'm doing my best.

Speaker A: I promised I would do these, so here I am. Yes, awesome. Oh, very good. Good to see you. Today we just have 2 questions submitted. So also, as we go throughout the— through these 2, feel free if you have questions come up for yourselves, and we will, you know, discuss those as well. All good if anything pops up as we're going through. And as usual, just keeping in mind on these sessions, there's no right or wrong or good or bad or any judgment on anything anyone says or shares. I like it if you contradict my opinion sometimes and things. I know sometimes when I say, look, here's my feedback, then people a bit like just tend to agree because they're like, oh yes, that's what I was thinking. But it's more, you're more than welcome to have a different opinion. That's why advisory board is so powerful. More brains are better than one or two. And there's no right or wrong or good or bad or any judgment on anything, especially from yourself. You know, any thought, it's good to share. Or questions or things that come up for you, or as we share something, if you're confused, that's all good to share so we can talk it through as well. And we will roll through. Actually, Gav has just arrived. There you are, Gav. G'day, Gav. I was just, you were sort of just about to get pushed to number 2, but your questions I think might be, we'll start with you because this is interesting for everyone. And then we'll come to you, Lynette. So, The first, uh, Gab's question, um, wanting to do your first Facebook campaign, um, which is exciting, Facebook ad campaign, very cool. And you're thinking of a giveaway to grow your following on Facebook. So the length, unsure, 1, 2, 3, 4 weeks. Um, the outline, win a 5-star Newcastle getaway, spa, Carpet Cleaning is giving away one lucky follower a luxurious night for two at the Crystalbrook Kingsley, Newcastle's only 5-star hotel, plus dinner for two at the Sky High Roundhouse Restaurant. To enter, follow Spartan Carpet Cleaning, share this post publicly. Entries close, winner announced 1st of August. The biggest problem with this is Facebook's not gonna like it. So, so you being ready to rock, I think, is the, Great. Facebook's policy. I know you've seen people do it and it used to be a thing. Basically saying you gotta follow us and share a post. Facebook will block it. You won't get approved. The ad won't get approved. What you could do is something like tag 3 friends. In the comments, something like that you get away with. Or you could say something like, you know, you could make it fun, tag 3 friends, you know, I don't know, an office manager, someone who, you know, needs a good clean and, you know, and your clean freak friend, or, you know, or tag below, you know, 2 people, 3 people, 1 people, you know, in the comments. You see that kind of thing, you know, like when people do posts where they say, tag who you'd like to share below the holiday with, you know, and you'll see people like tag like 10 friends. You see the same person tag, tag, tag, tag in the comments. Yeah, but saying to follow and that they don't, I think it used to be okay, but that's, it has been a bit of a no-no by them for quite a while.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker E: Oh, wow. Okay.

Speaker C: Didn't know that.

Speaker A: So that sucks. You're ready to go. What you could do, because it's also, these are just my thoughts, is like, it's very generous, the offer. Like, you could adjust it and do something like, you know, comment below with a friend, tag a friend. You could, you could offer just a clean as well. You could say something like, you know, you give away a free clean and basically people need to tag their friend that's a, you know, a clean freak or an office manager or someone that, you know, their place needs a good clean, tag them below for a chance to win and something like that. And you just do it off the comments and then reduce what the offering is. It'll still get exposure because obviously everyone who tags everyone in, you gain exposure.

Speaker C: Yeah, but, um, do you mean offer a free clean to everybody who tags multiple?

Speaker A: No, no, no, like as the prize to go in a draw. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. To go in a draw for it.

Speaker E: Yeah, I, I, I approached this organization, the Kingsley, um, oh, like 3 or 4 months ago and said, oh, I've got this idea, I'm I'm gonna do a, a campaign, and would you guys be open to me, you know, promoting you as well and saying this is what I'm going to do? I'm going to do a giveaway, and, and, you know, I've got like, I'm willing to throw $500, you know, to it. You know, can you guys do me up something? Can they turn around and say, look, we're gonna— because I do clean, I, I clean their, right, their common areas. And they said, look, we love you, we're going to give you a night's accommodation. And, um, so I've got like a— I've got a night's accommodation to go towards it. So, you know, I was going to sort of beef it up a bit with— they got a— they got like a beautiful dinner, like, uh, on the 9th floor that looks over the whole of Newcastle. It's, uh, it's quite a unique building, um, Alright.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Okay. So, yeah. So what Facebook's what cracked down on that type of, you know, you, you really have to sort of grow your following organically.

Speaker A: Well, you can do campaigns where it tries to get your followers and like that is a targeting. You can target like sales, target bookings, you know, like target leads or target and Facebook tries to work it out and find your followers, but it's usually not the greatest method. Jack, did you have something you Want to share? You got your hand.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I just, um, and this is not backed up by any numbers, but just from personal experience and seeing my friends do when you just might be when you're offering something as nice as like this hotel and the dinner, people can tend to focus more on that place and the dinner rather than your actual business would be my only concern like that. You might still get pick up some people, but I think they were more focused on, oh wow, look how good this Kingsley place is, rather than worrying about their carpet cleaning.

Speaker E: Not look at, wow, look how good Spartan Carpet Cleaning is giving away this.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, they're just looking at the offer that they're getting rather than, well, again, not backed up by numbers, but just to, would be my only concern.

Speaker E: Sort of brings it back into what you guys are saying about I think, I think what I'm hearing is to effectively promote my business. And if I'm going to give something away, make it in-house.

Speaker A: Well, yeah, because then if they're tagging people that are office managers or people, you know, and cleaner, people that need, you know, they need a cleaner or they're a clean freak or whatever, at least they're potential leads more so than Yeah. Someone that might just want a nice dinner.

Speaker B: You hear Chris always talk about providing value and it's an amazing gift and yeah, just think that the value would be like the hotel's value rather than your actual.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: But that's again, my opinion, not backed up.

Speaker E: So what about if I said something like Spartan Carpet, because we've just invested into a big pressure cleaning unit. So like we're doing driveways and pathways. What about if, uh, we said something like Spartan Carpet Cleaning is now doing cleaning driveways? Um, for the start of the new financial year, we're going to do a, a free driveway clean away. Do you know someone that wants their—

Speaker B: Yeah, I, um, I've actually had a few mates that have got that and started doing the driveways, and what they found good They found best to get business was obviously word of mouth's good, but they would hit up one of their friends or like the giveaway would be great as well, but hit up one of their friends going, hey, does anyone have a driveway that we can just do? And what they go and do is film it and do like a before and after and chuck a catchy song on it. And it, people gets picked up in like people's like feed and actually generates business that way, just as another separate little idea.

Speaker A: Good idea.

Speaker E: Okay. So, okay. So in regarding to camp doing a campaign, and if I was going to do a giveaway, what do you say? Don't say follow Spartan Carpet Cleaning. So what's the one thing I can say is tag a friend?

Speaker A: Well, you could tag people below that. It's like the reason I suggested that is like you're trying to get people to tag someone who could be a lead for you. Because they might not win. But if I tag in a friend who I reckon needs a driveway clean, then that friend might just look at your business and go, oh, I'm gonna get the guy anyway. Do you know what I mean? You could, it's like, or it's an office clean, tag office manager below or tag, you know, someone who could be a lead tag. Yeah. If you're gonna do the driveways, that's a good one. You could if you did film a before and after, like Jack's saying, that's not a bad idea as your actual, like a video post as well as part of the, as the ad. You could do a sign up. You could still like find a pretty cool way to give away the, you know, you got the credit. You could like, I don't know if it would incentivize people, but you could do something like first, first one will win, you know, give it, I'm gonna spoil with a, you know, first driveway we do, or like a typical thing that you see businesses do, but don't know if it's enough, but like, you know, get your driveway cleaned this month to go in the draw for a free night. You could do potentially something like that as well. As like a, you know, to use it, you could just give it to me though. I'll take it as an option too. That's keen on it. I think Christie, you know, but you could, you could do it as a, you know, as part of it if you wanted to, like a tag a friend who needs a good, who needs a driveway clean below. And then you could still give it away potentially as well.

Speaker E: So does it, sorry, sorry, Jack, does it, so do you think it would sound too cheesy or too salesy to go as far as saying that the giveaway will be to, to be in the giveaway. It'll be everyone that books in a job this month so I could make it. Yeah, to, to be in the— because I was going to do a monthly give— giveaway. Um, hang on, can't hear you there.

Speaker A: Your sound's a bit, uh, Distant. Might be— mic might be under your jumper or something.

Speaker B: Maybe it's— I might just jump in.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's clear.

Speaker F: Um, all I was going to say is you actually give someone a free clean later on. So you give them their money back, so to speak. So they've all paid for it and then you're giving them back. One other idea, totally different concept to selling this. So I was on a marketing call with some of the Culture Kings guys and there was a question about the end of financial year sales and everyone being sort of over them., and what they used to do was target their ad campaigns around spending your tax return. Um, and obviously they were going for a younger demographic in Culture Kings, and, but they, they were going, oh, if you just had 2 grand back from your tax man, go and spend it, uh, with us. So, uh, I thought that was quite a unique way of, of doing it, um, in terms of promoting doing something different on your promotion, particularly for businesses. So get your tax return in and go and clean up with your tax return money or something like that. But I thought that was just something that was a little bit different, particularly after all of the end of financial year giveaways and that people turn off on.

Speaker E: Yeah, I like it.

Speaker B: The other one that I thought of was just kind of provoking your audience a little bit by like saying, oh, tag your messiest friend who definitely needs their carpet cleaned or their driveway, you know what I mean? Because then people love to throw each other under the bus. Yeah, the way to get some comments and some laughs. And then, you know, messy, so good chance they probably do need it. Or the other one, and I don't know whether Chris will probably be able to answer this better, with your giveaway, like maybe it's like a sign up with your email to receive our newsletters or whatever. And you're going to chance to win this because then at least you're expanding who's receiving.

Speaker E: Can I do that?

Speaker A: Yeah, you can. You can drive people to, you know, basically do a lead campaign and you drive people off the platform. Actually confusing, some are called lead ads and they pop up on Facebook. You don't want that, but there's ones that drive people off the, off the site and then on your website you can have them opt in.

Speaker E: So what's the one you've got at the moment with the ecosystem? And it says it come up this morning for me and it said join the free, the marketing, the ecosystem course and it had a form, fill out the form and it was there in the newsfeed.

Speaker A: Yeah, that they're called lead ads. They're like, they're on, on basically on Facebook lead ads. Yeah. So then that form, it does give you the details and you can just copy them over. We have it synced because we have Ontraport as the database. And then in the middle, there's Zapier, which is like a software where you can connect different softwares. Basically it goes, someone fills in this on Facebook, send them into our database. So it's automated, but you can do it manually as well, especially if you're running your first one, you know, it's not gonna be hundreds and thousands and you'll, you'll get the feel for it.

Speaker E: So there's, so that's a good avenue for me then to, cuz I wanted to, I've been really, I've been doing a lot of reading about email, building your email, your email asset. Marketing. And so that, that would be a good thing for me to, rather than, you know, so, so secondary, yep, I might get some more followers, blah, blah, blah. But one thing I will start to get is more emails coming through, and then I can work out how to get them in my funnel and all that sort of stuff.

Speaker A: Exactly. When you get them into your database, they get your whatever monthly tips or whatever you send out. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker E: All right. Beautiful. So it's, yeah, so, okay, the strategy is still very similar, like, sort of similar strategy, but instead of growing the following as a primary thing, I'm, I'm getting them to sign up to my newsletter, which doesn't exist yet. Yes.

Speaker A: Okay. Into the non-existing newsletter, but it'll come. See, that's what happens if you get a surge of people, then you're like, crap, now I gotta put that in place, you know, to force you to do it. I also still think it's not about it. Sometime you could also try the, you know, tag a friend, tag a clean freak or your messiest friend, you know, or someone that needs a driveway clean. Just something like that potentially as well. Like that's a different campaign.

Speaker E: But no, I like that. Yeah, tag your messiest friend. That's great.

Speaker A: That's because you might, you, because with it you can then set the radius. You can say Newcastle area only, you know, there might be more targeting you want to do. Facebook will start to work it out for you as well.

Speaker E: It's pretty clever at profiling, but it might be that you want to target business people in Newcastle, you know, or That's so just, just to finish up on that, if I was going to do like a tag your messiest friend, am I putting a couple of pictures up with some text, or do they want to see my head explaining what we're doing?

Speaker A: Bit of both. Yeah, I reckon if it's a natural one of you talking would be kind of, kind of cool. Um, don't over-edit it, don't make it look like an ad. Just make it look like, you know, here's who I am, here's a little invite for you, you know, or if we're gonna give away a night or whatever, tag your messiest friend below. See if we can help them out, you know, and it just so it's natural. And it's even though you use it as an ad and it's more natural, it's more organic to the platforms. You know, when you're on Facebook, as soon as something looks like a banner ad or something, you sort of just scroll. As if it looks more like a natural post video kind of thing.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: You could almost, um, dirty your own carpet and flip it and be like, tag someone who has a carpet like this and desperate.

Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: At the end, show them the finished product.

Speaker E: Mate, I got 4 kids, so I don't have to set anything up.

Speaker A: Just after breakfast.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Beautiful. Okay, cool. And obviously with it, as you draft them or whatever, you know, feel free to either throw them in the online community so we can have a look if you want feedback sooner or bring them to next week's advisory board as well so we can keep things progressing. Beautiful.

Speaker E: All right. Thanks, Rob. Thanks, Jack. Thanks, Christo.

Speaker A: You're welcome. Cool. And keep in mind, you can start small. You can do $5 a day budget. If it's working, you turn it up. If it's not, you know, you don't have to spend a fortune upfront.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: Beautiful.

Speaker E: All right. Thanks, guys.

Speaker A: Awesome work. You're welcome. And Lynette, let's come to you next. So Lynette, you've written an interesting message. I'm rethinking everything.

Speaker C: Okay. Yes. Yes. Because my time with the bunch has come to an end officially. And at this stage, just because of how slow my progress has been, I'm not actually re-signing up. So that's not because I don't want to, I really would like to. It's just because it's really taking me a long time to work through a lot of this stuff. I'm going to come back, but it's not, it's not going to be something I'm going to continue on just at this moment. So my days are numbered and I've decided each time we've had a month of work and sheets and all sorts of stuff, I just keep rethinking everything and go, oh, well, that's going to maybe have a new layer of perspective on going right back to the beginning. So I just decided, go right back to the beginning. And, and so obviously one of those first things was what your logo is. I never really locked in on one, so I just kind of played around with some stuff. And I've ditched a lot of those elements now, given all of the months that have gone on since when I first did that. And here are a few of the shortlist, I suppose, of where I've headed. Do you want me to explain what led me to this?

Speaker A: Yes, yes, go for it.

Speaker C: So initially, well, I guess working through all of the pieces of the Clever Bunch program, looking at clients, ideal clients, and key brand attributes and those key values and things that I wanted everything to communicate, what I have identified is that my key client is a female, probably 35+, very focused on health, home, and family. And so what I wanted to communicate was that feminine edge, but the things that they were going to be most interested in was the, I guess, the 3 pieces, which were being a holistic approach. That everything was very uplifting and that it was authentic. So the things to me that resonated were natural color palettes with that edge to the slight pink. So previously I had some blue in there, I had some brighter pink, and it just wasn't really communicating what I felt that it was. This is actually just a— this was sort of a little stopgap. What you're showing there was just a stopgap while I while I got my head around Wix. And so this, the new logo, is how I would like to— what I'd like to steer towards. And I'd just like some feedback. I can tell you already that the first and the third ones are my preferences. I feel like the one in the middle looks a little bit like I'm a builder, which I'm not. And so, but I just, you know, it's new and different and I'd like some feedback on what people feel it communicates and whether it resonates with what I just described as my target market and what I'm trying to communicate.

Speaker A: Yes. Okay. Very good. Kayla popped in there. I like the third in the chat. So I guess this is good for, and everyone can have an opinion on this, on these as well. I do like, like the idea of you kind of giving everything a little bit of a review. Just like zooming out from even the logos at the moment, just because it's hard to like home design for me brings up something completely different to what you do. With the words. So I think it always needs kind of like a tagline, you know, for like, and just to make it clear, like what you do. And it's almost like when we, before we even jump onto a logo, usually I'd say, look, like, are we totally clear on the purpose statement? Like, what are we doing here with this thing? Because the logo is just like one asset to kind of represent what we're actually setting out to achieve. Can you, in your words, and this obviously for me as well and for everyone, say like, so an ideal customer works with you and then the outcomes they get, what is it? And then maybe tell us the outcomes and then like what, like what you did.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. So part of that might be informed if you flick back to the other screen that you showed, which was the website You can see I have got the tagline under the Grounded Home Design at the top there. So it's enhancing lives through healthy, harmonious homes. So what the company does is it provides interior design and building biology consulting services in the course of renovating or building a new home where all the choices that are involved in that process are made with an eye on the health for the family of that built environment. So it's looking at materials that are specified, products that go in, what they might do for the air quality, how the home is built to prevent condensation and mold creation. And so each client will have a different set of needs, and that's part of the initial purpose of actually meeting with them, figuring out where their head is at, what they're looking to do, whether it's a new project, old project, just clean out a room, just choose a paint that is, you know, safe for their asthmatic child, for example. So there's quite a range of slicing and dicing within that umbrella.

Speaker A: Good job. Because I think part of the, um, the biggest challenge is it's so broad.

Speaker C: Yes, yes, I've struggled with that the whole time.

Speaker A: Yeah, I feel like it need, like, just from a marketing perspective. So people, because it's like we're all trying to look at like, where do we, which file do we put you in, in our brain? And, um, I can guarantee like if I, if we just stopped, like if you had just shown Grounded Home Design enhancing lives through healthy harmonious homes, they'd be confused. They'd be mixed. Like, what is it? Like, I'm sure, like, you know, obviously we've sort of got more information now, but if we just saw that part, someone might say, oh, she's an architect. Oh, she's a, like, building designer. Like, I don't know, you know, like, it could be, it could be builders because builders probably call themselves home design sometimes, you know, like, they'd be, you know, a bit of mixed. It's kind of hard to, so it's kind of like we need to get, I don't know, like, it might be that you try and think like if we need to try and file you in, like I told you, we had someone come into our home and they measured the water in the walls and they had all fancy tools. And I think that was a building biologist.

Speaker C: Yes. So I am equipped to do that. It's not where I'm specifically pitching because there are people who do that specific service and that's all. But yeah, look, I agree. Is it about the name? Because I mean, I'm still at the point where I can change names.

Speaker A: It's not even the name. It might be just adjusting the tagline. It, well, it could be part of the name or, but then the name I think is okay if the tagline verifies it more or if something just verifies it more. Like we got that person, the building biologist because of mold and moisture. So, and like you said, you don't wanna be pigeonholed like, well, not just that, but it's, it's really specific. So we looked at who Who do we get for that thing? Do you know what I mean? Whereas we could, I would have got you, but I didn't really know. Do you know what I mean? So what it might be that it's something, I don't know, like categories even that where it is like, you know, reducing mold, increasing airflow, increasing, reducing toxins in the home. Like it's boom, boom, boom. It's just kind of like, oh, okay, I can understand that, that, that, and that, you know, somewhere where it's clear for us. Do you know what I mean? I think that's one of the main challenges that I see here. I know you were asking about the logo, so sorry, this is going a bit.

Speaker C: No, I welcome this because it's become a little bit iterative because I still can come up against this same issue. One of the ways I was wondering about addressing that might be, for example, just having the grounded as the main word that is visible and taking out, putting the home and design into a form of a tagline that might be something like, you know, home, home health design, for example. You know, those taglines that do the sort of just the 3-word things. Yeah, because otherwise a tagline that tries to explain all of that would be just too wordy and you'd still have the problem of not being clear enough.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Is there somewhere like that, that it all sort of stems from? Like, is it like increased airflow and reduced chemicals equals healthy home or something? Do you know what I mean?

Speaker C: Like, could we— there's a lot, there's a lot of things that it comes from. Those are the things that I tend to pluck out of the air when I'm explaining it because that makes the most sense to people, especially in a post-COVID environment. But it's, it has a lot to do with how the house is built, what materials are in it, what your furniture is made of, what chemicals and things you're attached that you're exposed to through personal products and food and things like that.

Speaker D: Would you start with healthy? So healthy home design and then people sort of are, would inquire what does healthy What is a healthy home as opposed to home healthy design or whichever? But by having healthy at the start, it's a little unusual in terms of, I would ask, well, what does healthy home design mean? Right.

Speaker C: Sorry, did I miss that? I thought what you were saying was, would it solve the issue if I used healthy home design undergrounded? Is that what you're suggesting?

Speaker D: Yes. Yeah. Using the word healthy to start with also then is a hook for people to want to find out more, whereas I think when you were using your three words, you had healthy second or third. Right. The three words you had, but I would start with healthy because that is the crux of everything that you do is around health in the home. Yes, yes, I see. Designing the home. So for me, when you were talking about the three words, having healthy at the start created the question to want to know more about exactly what you were doing and to be inquisitive around what you were doing, right?

Speaker C: So it's almost like a qualifier, isn't it, to, um, to create the part of the communication of what I'm offering as opposed to all of the other different designers in the market?

Speaker D: Is that everything that you're doing is around health within the design of the home.

Speaker C: So I still continue to do other work that is not health-driven, but that's mainly because I haven't actually really properly repositioned the business. So I still have clients, you know, pipeline that comes through from existing clients and other referrals that actually doesn't have anything to do with the health side of things.

Speaker D: And so going to be in 5 years' time, you, you want to be talking about. If you're starting your foundation for 5 years, then yes, health, health in the house and, um, understanding all the building products, etc., is, is where your new journey is going. Yes. So I wouldn't worry about your existing referrals, they'll still keep coming on. Yes. If you're wanting to, wanting to build a foundation for the next 5 years, then yeah, don't, yeah, don't link back to where you're making your money at this moment in time.

Speaker C: Sorry, I am actually having trouble hearing every word from you, Rob. Did you just ask me a question? How is it?

Speaker E: No.

Speaker A: Okay. I don't know. Just basically saying the referrals will still keep coming, but you could think about, think about your long-term. What do you want? Like where we're going. And that's the focus of this. Do you, what's, what were the 3 words again?

Speaker C: So it was healthy. That what I just said before was I said home design and health, but that is actually different from healthy home design. Yeah, I think you'd probably say so. I wonder, could you switch screens? There, Christo, just back to the logos that I sent.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: So see the first one. So I really like the third one too, whoever it was who mentioned that. But the reason I developed the first one was because I liked the idea that it kind of looked like a stamp, kind of like a stamp of quality. So I'm wondering if I could incorporate the word healthy into that as if it's kind of like a stamp of approval of health. How does, what do you think about that?

Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's a good idea to play with. I don't, my preference is also the third at the moment, this one, and maybe it's in this area, but it kind of reminds me a bit of cafes and yeah, I was wondering like a product like produce or something, coffee brand and coffee brand and cafes that this is maybe it could be just this area. And yeah, I don't like this one. It reminds me of like lawyers or or something, or yeah, potentially build it. I like, I do like this one in terms of, you know, it's got a more natural sort of somehow feel with that font, even though I think Kayla said can be a little bit tricky or someone said a little bit tricky.

Speaker C: Yeah, it is a bit hard to read because it's quite small. So that's okay. I can look at some other options for that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, but like, but I like that one. But yeah, you could definitely play with the, you know, the wording and so on. But then you could still, whether you wanna, like, if in where you're at right now, you could say, hey, designer, because it's a designer's job to, you say, I like the third one the most. I like it's got this more natural feel, sort of a bit more earthy. That's great. I also like the idea of this one being a health stamp of approval. Could you play with that a little more or try and integrate the two a little bit and just see what happens? And see what they come back with because their job to convert the words into visuals and they might come up with something that you love or it might be terrible and you, you know, keep moving, which is all good. Yeah, I don't know, like what I, think could be a little bit homework too, just to, just going back, the, I think it, it could be a good idea to just think like at very high level, you know, okay, there's paint involved, there's products, there's shampoo, there's the layout, there's the airflow, there's the mold. Is it, is that all, does that all come under toxins in the house? Does it all come under, like, is there something hazards?

Speaker C: Hazards is usually the word that's referred to.

Speaker A: Yeah, maybe, and maybe see, they say like air and health hazards. So we don't think it's something we'll trip over, but like, do you know what I mean? Just something like, just because I feel like it needs something that really brings it home a little bit for us in our mind. It's like, by keeping in mind, like I said, which file do I put you in, in the brain? Just like whether it's grounded health design or it's healthy home design. And then just like a little tag that, because I think the tagline really is gonna land you on, like, land the brand on its feet. It needs to just go, gotcha. Like, I read it, you know, you email your car mechanic and they go, huh, that's what you do. Do you know what I mean? Like, got it. And so it needs to kind of, because it is a little bit probably hard to explain, you know what I mean? It's not like you're saying, It's sunglasses, you to protect your eyes from the sun. We all know what they do, whereas yours is a bit, it's so much stuff that you kind of gotta choose a little bit or just try and narrow it. Like we're always going like tell people why, why, why is marketing message. But I think yours needs a little bit of like, here's actually what the thing is.

Speaker C: The other thing that I could do is just decide to narrow the the segment, or it's not really the segment, but to narrow the service description to things that relate to— exactly, specifically to home and renovation, which is because a building biologist will look across all of those areas, even if someone isn't building or renovating. They'll just look at all those areas in someone's house, whereas I could I can just say I've just focused it on the building and renovating side so that it then is very linked to the design work that I've always done.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you could. Yeah. And keep in mind too that you, you might, it might be that it's like you've got to kind of think like what's the entry. So if it is someone getting renovations and design, maybe that is the right time to enter their, you know, world. Or if it's like, like what, what I had when we got it is because there was a really wet summer, there was moisture everywhere and it was mold and thick, you know, so it's like there's a trigger. So it's like, what's the trigger you want to start to own? And it doesn't mean it's the only thing you do. Do you know what I mean? It's like us, we're telling people how to hire people, we're telling people how to be great leaders of their team and build a, you know, but, but people would sign up with us for marketing, but we see it's other stuff you need. You know what I mean? A lot of mindset stuff we do. You don't, you didn't click our ad because you saw, hey, mindset strategies for, for business people. Do you know what I mean? It's like you, you're gonna have so much stuff you offer, but you, you're not gonna get it all in, but you still might do it. You still might do it. It's still like what people need. You just gotta like tell us what we want and then you'll deliver what we need later. It's the same goes for us. We'll say, hey, grow your brand, get more customers. That's all you care about when you join us. And then we go into a hell of a lot more, you know what I mean? It's like, you know, you need this. Well, we know it doesn't matter if you're jumping from one thing to the next, your mindset, you're not, you know, like there's a lot of stuff we have to help and know that people need to be able to get results. But it's not what you want. So we don't say it up front.

Speaker C: Does that make sense? Okay. Yes, it does. I've played with the notion of very specific product categories. For example, a healthy nursery setup. So if someone is pregnant or has a new baby coming that they want to be able to look at the health of the environment that the baby is living in, which is where they spend a lot of their time in those first few days, first few months and years. And there's there's a very, very self-contained narrow product that I can develop around that, which could be, you're talking about the trigger. I like, I like that because that really could be, as you say, a space to own.

Speaker A: Absolutely. And then the moms groups, there's a, there's a market suddenly. Yeah. Because with the other ones, I'm sort of like, who do I refer to you? Whereas if you know who your market is, like just that, there's like dominoes that line up in front of you. It's like, okay, get in the moms groups, get in the Northern Beaches 6 months old getting this, you know, like it's just suddenly there's this, that's who we're talking to. And, and then you go into the home and of course you then, would you like me to look at the parents' bedroom? Would you like me to look at the kitchen? Let's look at your heating system. Let's look at the paint. You know what I mean? Like you still do everything as well, but there might be a foot in the door. Yeah, I like it. I like that as an option with young babies myself.

Speaker C: That's a, Good one. Yeah, I think every time I've started to look at the breadth of the products, I do get a bit stuck because of how to, how to deliver all of that in the communication. And maybe I'm making it too difficult for myself. Maybe I need to just really niche down.

Speaker A: Exactly. Just give us 3 things and keep it simple. And then you deliver what we need as part of the delivery. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. It's good. Lynette, always new ideas.

Speaker E: Yes, my, um, my— the only thing I would say is, is, yeah, I like the third one, but what I like about the first one is, is I can read it all really clearly. I know my last few, uh, I've had little tweaks on my logos over the last couple of years, and they've always been about making the small smaller print a bit bigger. And I think sometimes we can get caught up when we're designing on our computer and, you know, when we see something, sort of we're honing in and looking at something and we know what it looks like. But then when you start getting it printed out, whether it's on shirts, postcards, side of your car, websites, social media, like there's so many little things to sort of keep in mind, to, you know, I, I, and I don't know whether it's because I've been looking at mine for too long, but whenever I see someone's logo and I can't see the finer print on the logo, I tune out pretty quickly rather than, rather than hone in on it. Um, and I'm not saying you're— I'm not saying yours are too small. I'm just saying that I've just, over the last couple of years, I said I would tend to go bigger on the smaller print without, without crowding your main word or logo. But that's what I like about the, the first one. I can just go Home Design Grounded, boom. The other ones I gotta, I gotta squint my eyes a little bit, but that's also because I'm 52 years young. And, and also I want to say thanks for all your support. It's been great having you on here, and you always piped in and giving me support and others.

Speaker C: So yeah, gonna miss you. Ah, thanks. I'm going to miss it too. Hopefully it won't be too long before I'm back. Yeah, cool. I don't know when. I'll still be here.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's not your last today anyway.

Speaker C: You've still got a month.

Speaker A: Yeah, good, good, good. We'll be seeing this logo next week, Gav.

Speaker C: Yeah, you're right. You're right. Thank you. I will put that little viewpoint into it as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's good to be aware of. It might, it might be a matter of trimming up the little bit edge bits and things too that so when it does shrink down, the font's still pretty big. Can be, that's, that's cool. And Kat says agree. Oh yes. And oh yeah, and the experience, you should definitely keep the experience in mind if you haven't already.

Speaker C: I haven't booked it, but you never know, I could be one of those last-minute must, you know, FOMO people. Could I ask about people's views on, I don't know whether anyone's really put much time or had any issues with this, the issue of square shape or elongated horizontal formats and this sort of thing. Has anyone found any major sort of roadblocks that they found because they chose a square logo, for example, and they really, really wish they'd chosen a horizontal one because I find that each time I do a different one, I think about applying it to different situations and always have a few limitations. But is that just the name of the game? You're always gonna have a limitation.

Speaker E: I got 3 done up. I got 3 done up for mine. So I've got like my teardrop is, you know, my icon. And then I've got a landscape one, which is my main one, and then I've got a stacked one.

Speaker C: So you just do, you just do horizontal versions of—

Speaker E: I've got, I've got 3, 3 versions which are part of my sort of logo design. Yeah, that I can use on, on different things. So I would call your, your, your one on your right, I would call that more of a landscape one.

Speaker A: And yep. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. And otherwise, yeah, it's working with what you got on the designs. It is, there are always gonna be some limitations, but yeah. Sometimes an icon is nice too, like a little icon that's part of your brand that you can just use in certain little small spaces.

Speaker C: Like us, sometimes you just see the—

Speaker A: like your banana. Yeah. Where we use it as like, cause oh, we can't really fit the whole logo here or it's gonna be too cluttered or something. We might just put the dot. Yeah. And you can have that designed as part of your, you know, you have a, this might be your whole logo, but then you have like a GHD and a little dot or something in the same colors.

Speaker C: And that's sort of part of it. I did actually get to this point. If you go back to my web page again, you'll see, you can see my tiny little in the little, what do they call it? A favicon or something up in the Yeah, up here. Yeah, up there and see how I've got a little G with the pink background. So I did go through the process of doing that just with this look and feel. And the tagline I did there was actually done while I was with Basic Bananas and I did get feedback on it and that kind of thing. So I felt like it was right at the time, but I think, you know, I'm also finding that there's a lot of evolving. Yeah. And, and everyone's feedback's really useful.

Speaker A: So thank you. So cool. You're welcome. And even on like something like this, a couple of like, you know, most common things people work with us for, do you know what I mean? Something like that could be just clarified a little bit more. And here's the most common 3 reasons, you know, 3 things most common, you know, consulting packages we do or something.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: Okay. Awesome. Thanks. You're welcome. And, and feel free, of course, to, you know, stew on things, brainstorm, throw them back at us. Same again, bring it to next week. Use the support while you got it, of course. And also the online, you can throw it in the community support area. It's just, you feel free to tag me in and, you know, to get feedback quicker and things as well in there. As you review.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: And what, and a good one, because sometimes can we think like, like I like that idea of the nurseries, you know, like the healthy nursery, it's so specific. You could own the space. So it's a great one. Cool. Cool. Awesome. Thank you, Lynette. Well, it's almost Kayla, you had, you mentioned earlier in a, in a comment, A couple, a couple of general, general queries about Insta Ads and Google Ads. If you have time.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Come off, come off mute.

Speaker G: I know you're sick, but do your best.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker G: Thank you. So Matt, I spoke to Matt yesterday. He's still overseas and he had a general question. He's, he's, when he puts up a sort of an Instagram ad, or it's not an ad, it's just sort of a, like a clip. He did one recently of Kelly Slater and Kira. Um, and it's got some, uh, it, it's got our sort of Surface Compass coloring and graphics on it. He's wondering, it hasn't had that many hits on Instagram. When you put something up that might look a little bit like an ad, does Instagram in some way inhibit views at some stage unless you put it up as an ad?

Speaker A: Like, so he's done it as a, as a post, right?

Speaker G: Is that right? I think he's just done it as a post.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then it hasn't got much reach.

Speaker G: No, but on YouTube and that, the reach has been really, really good and everywhere else.

Speaker A: And he's just wondering if it's because he should just put the clip on straight. He needs to put the clip on straight or change the text in the post. Okay. Instagram and Facebook, uh, like the algorithm, if it thinks, if it thinks you're promoting something or it's an ad, the algorithm is screwed. Like it just screws you over. It won't show it.

Speaker G: Yeah, that's what he thought.

Speaker A: Yeah. Whereas if he puts it like, hey, how funny is this? You know, like writes it more like a natural thing. I had seen crazy, you know, how good this, you know, turn was by Slater, da da da da da da. It'd be interesting to see how I use the route. But if it's sort of like 2 points, even if it's like emojis as bullet points and it's written like an ad, it'll get crawled.

Speaker B: Jack, did you want to add there too? Yeah, just, I just looked it up.

Speaker G: He's posted it twice. Yes, I know he does stuff like that.

Speaker B: I was just wondering if that affects—

Speaker A: It would as well.

Speaker B: Yeah, it might come up on that and takes it as spam almost.

Speaker A: And you lose your, um, because engagement is good. So if he's got like 2 comments on one and 3 comments on the other, they're both have only a few. Whereas if you had 5 on one, it'll like the engagement and give you more reach.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker G: One, has he posted it like one from Manly Surf School, one from Surface Gym, one from Surface Compass, and, or has he posted both from Surface Compass that you can see?

Speaker B: Yeah, he's posted one from his actual account and posted one from Manly Surf School and collaborated on all of them. So it goes through. So one's got 300 likes and 7 comments, the other one's got 51 likes and 1 comment.

Speaker G: So yeah, I did notice he'd done that, and I was looking at that going, ah, but it's not unusual for him to do that.

Speaker A: Do one post and collaborate on the one with all—

Speaker G: yeah, he's forgotten maybe that or we click post twice or something. Okay, good. The second question I had was, so he wants to test the Aussie market with his Google AdWords before he goes international. His question was, is this a good strategy or starting point as we believe it's pricey to go worldwide?

Speaker A: So he wants to do the, he wants to measure what work it out in Australia and then expand. Yeah, for sure. It's definitely a good idea to take that approach. Okay. I just think like usually with the, we do the same, like with, you can start sort of narrower with the ads and you try to work it out because you spend less money, but you still get quite good reach with a smaller audience. And then you target internationally in key, actually even in Australia, you might want to like exclude the Northern Territory, exclude, I don't know if there are any, I guess everywhere else surfs, right? Exclude ACT, Canberra, but I guess they do, they drive to the coast. But like, yeah, so try and exclude anything that might be a waste of exposure. And then there might be within that, you might know certain, like the audiences, you might want to say the age range and things like that. Or let Facebook work it out. But yeah, oh, sorry, Google work it out. But yeah, yeah, start in Australia and then expand it from there. And then obviously when you go international, don't just go international, go like, think about where you're going. Like, are you going to France, Brazil, Japan? Like which countries are most surf and are gonna be most, you know, the most beneficial. There could be lots of interesting places through Asia and things to target as well.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker G: That's good advice. Go. Yeah. Go surf international, should we say?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Thank you for that. Cool.

Speaker G: No worries.

Speaker A: Awesome. Awesome. Cool. We'll get well, hopefully you're better soon. Thank you. Hopefully it wasn't the plane. COVID's been going around like crazy.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker G: I don't know what this is. My kids all had it and they gave it to me. It's been going right around the house. So I'm just, I'm just laying low. I'm just sort of isolating myself.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: There's a lot going around. We all had COVID in my family, babies and all, all like, we think the babies didn't even test them, but, um, yeah, we've all had it just the last few weeks ago. And then now my 3-year-old's got a new one.

Speaker G: So I'm relentless.

Speaker A: Yeah, it is.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: Well, I think that is a wrap on today's advisory board session. Thank you all for your input. For your insights, whether you had questions, whether you didn't, all good. And thank you for being here, obviously, to take something away. Hopefully you take something away for yourself. Everyone, even those conversations like with Lynette and the messaging, we can all, all of us can always kind of revisit our own messaging. Like, can we be more dialed in? Is there something we can really focus on? Is there a most common sale we make? Or common inquiry we get and we could be featuring that more. You know what I mean? It's always, you want to like feature and highlight the most common thing people want from you so that you, that's your kind of entry point, your entry offering. So it's a good one for everyone to have a think about. Awesome. Cool. And thank you all very much for being here, of course. And let's, we could say goodbye and thanks over the top of each other, maybe a little bit of noise on top of each other.

Speaker D: Why not?

Speaker C: Thank you. Thank you all.

Speaker A: Thanks everyone.

Speaker B: Bye.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker E: Thank you. Thanks guys.

Speaker A: Have a good week.

Speaker D: Thank you.