Speaker A: I wanted to say I am extremely happy and proud to see how much work has been done. Like all the questions that have come in, you, you, you've been busy and I know it's a busy time of the year too. So really, really nice to see. Makes me very happy. So without further ado. Let me share the screen and I think everyone knows kind of how these sessions run. Let's see. Yeah. Yeah, I think everyone, what, what we do here is usually we love to get your questions sent in prior. So we have time to look at them. If you have questions on the day, it's fine. It's, we usually, we try and finish around 2-ish for everyone. So a good, an hour of power and everyone can chip in. So that's the power of these sessions too, is other people can share their perspectives because you are in your business often alone, just doing your thing and you don't see the trees for the forest. So this is a good time for other people to go and like, oh, what about this? Have you thought of this? Have you thought of this? So let's start with the first question. And that one is from Paul. Yeah, so these are the questions today. So you can see who is coming up when. Paul first, Sarah. For Sarah, I've got a video from Christo because I asked him to be specific because he's the legend on when it comes to GEO. So I've got a video for you, which I haven't watched yet.

Speaker B: And I just came out of the mastermind class too. It's all still, the questions are still relevant, but I did do that again so that I could just make sure my brain was on point.

Speaker A: Perfect. It's not, but you know, it is sort of, it's as good as it is on a Tuesday.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Midday. Katherine and Jodie, Jen and Kyla. So I might just quickly go this way so we can see Paul. Hey, and how was the masterclass, Sarah?

Speaker C: Was it good?

Speaker A: Oh, you're just on mute.

Speaker B: Fancy if I'm on mute. Actually, I loved going through the content. Again. Um, definitely its content, you just can't get it in one go. So as much as I took out what I took out of it at the experience, and I've been doing work on it, it was great to do it again. And also I had Emma in there, so I really appreciate you letting her have a little invite because I just can't explain this shit and have anybody else understand what I'm trying to do.

Speaker A: I 100% agree. And I also agree with you. It's such a big topic and it's forever evolving and the rules today are not going to be the same as next year, which is so annoying. Yes, but that's why you have us. And that's why we have like one— I'm the same in our business. Christo is the guy for that. So I've, with your question, I've just asked him. I just said, hey, there's so much and he spent so much time. Oh, I love you guys.

Speaker B: You guys are so great.

Speaker D: It's good.

Speaker A: It means that you don't have to and not every single person in my team has to, but the relevant people have to.

Speaker B: Brilliant. Thank you very much.

Speaker A: No, so good. Paul, do you want to share your question? And I've already got some questions back for you.

Speaker E: Sure. I'm just getting organized here. Can you hear me okay?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we can hear you.

Speaker E: Great. So this was just— I noticed, Francisca, that you were talking about how you have a business of your own and you're also obviously working with Basic Bananas, and that sort of parallels my situation of working with an organization that I co-founded and not corporate, called ProSocial World, that I'm still passionately interested in and part of, but I'm taking part in this program very much as in an effort to learn how to market my own brand myself, I guess, and my book and my writings and, you know, that sort of aspect. So I guess I was just interested to talk to you about the ways you balance that and how you think about it. Uh, it's, it's not a very focused question, but, um, I'd be interested in your perspective.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a great question. And it's actually a question I just helped someone with last week. Uh, it's a friend of mine who is an incredible business owner in the US. And, and we had a call and he said, hey, this whole personal branding thing— he runs an agency consultancy and he's doing really well, but he now is starting to speak more on stage and getting invited. And he's like, but it's my message is so diluted because I'm kind of known for this consultancy, but then I also want to build my personal brand. And, and it's so, and I grappled with that for a while too, because I've got Basic Bananas and I've been running Basic Bananas for 16 years and I don't want to only be pigeonholed as that and only for marketing, even though I have written 3 books on marketing. I don't want to be, definitely don't want to be known as a social media person, which happened a bit when that book came out. Because I'm not a social media expert at all. And so it's a bit like I, for, for a long time last year, I was thinking a lot. And this is the question for you. What's the, and then I've also got Ocean Lovers and then I've got my keynotes, my personal brand. So the question I've been asking myself is what's the common thread through all the things that I do? If there is one, is there a common thread? And where I started and where I think it would be good for you to start is two questions. One, and maybe some people can help here too. One is, what do you want to be known for? So if, if people, if people, if you asked people that are close to you, what is one word you would use to describe me? What do you want them to say? And then what is the actual reality? What are people currently saying about you? What are you already known for? Because maybe there's something in there. So as a practical example, and then I'll let you share, I asked one of my best friends who is a partner at Deloitte. She's incredibly smart. She's known me for a long, long, long time. I said, hey, what's my thing? What do you think is my thing? She said, your thing is 100% adventures and courage. And I can weave that into anything I do, whether I talk on marketing, I can talk about how to do more bold marketing, whether I talk about personal brand or I talk about entrepreneurship or I mentor startups, I can talk about courage in that context. So it suddenly, it's become a bit clear. So now I have this thread that I can be known for, and I'm still working on that, that course thing, because as speakers, you and me, it's very easy to just be generalists and blend into all the other speakers that are all the same. So what is your thing? What comes to mind? And maybe other people, you have opinions too about you.

Speaker E: Yeah, I don't know. I mean, what I'm already known for is very much the pro-social model and, uh, leadership development, um, communication skills, coaching, uh, those sorts of things.

Speaker A: Um, but what part of leadership development and communication, because that's a very broad field.

Speaker E: Um, particularly— well, it's a good point. I don't know, whenever I try and narrow it down, it gets quite technical. So, um, because I had an academic career where I did research in a particular line of way of thinking, contextual behavioral science, but, um spent most of my career trying to broaden it out rather than make it more specific. So I'm trying to think of how to narrow it down.

Speaker A: What do you help people with when you go into organizations? You help with leadership development, communication. What's the point? Why would I come to you? Yeah, why would my organization come to you?

Speaker E: I think because of really solid, uh, research-based, evidence-based approaches, um, compassion, sort of mindfulness-based approaches, um, long history of teaching from a mindfulness-based perspective and coaching from that perspective, um, but also doing research. So, um, I think, I think that's what's distinguishing. I mean, lately, and as you know, I'm kind of experimenting with really focusing in on the idea of pro-social AI, and, um, I'm writing in that, in that, on that topic. So there's sort of a content area around artificial intelligence, um, and how artificial intelligence works with humanity, how we can make artificial intelligence more human and stop it from undermining our skills and breaking our relationships, how it can be used to support our cognition. I suppose another aspect I think that's really important is I've got a really strong background in cognition, the decision-making techniques and systems thinking and worldviews and all that sort of thing. So maybe that's a unique aspect, like the, the thinking aspects, if you like, of all of this.

Speaker A: Yeah, which is really important in where we're heading. So like critical thinking, understanding how to think, because that's the part I think that the future needs with AI, because people are not thinking anymore.

Speaker E: Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I really do think there's a huge role for specializing in how we can protect ourselves from becoming dumber and lonelier with AI.

Speaker A: Yeah, because it's really dangerous. So, so that, that skill of critical thinking rather than following the masses is like, that's pro-social because otherwise we all become one-sided, just talking to AI, validating our thinking that we already have, which could be not very good thinking.

Speaker E: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker A: So, yeah, I'm not sure what falls out of that, but, um, well, if you, if you had thought, you know, like, if let's say I, I know lots of companies that are corporations that need, that need some sort of consulting. If you just tell me, oh yeah, I'm a, I'm a leadership consultant or coach and I, that's my specialty, it's what I speak on. It's going to be really hard to refer you if you— because I know 100 million other people that are leadership coaches. We all do, especially on LinkedIn. If you tell me I specialize in thinking models and how to help people to think better and use critical thinking, it will be a lot easier to go, oh, okay, but I want my team to have that skill. Because if they think better, we're gonna have better conversations inside the company, we're gonna have better results, we're gonna be better than our competitors. So suddenly that specificity, it's still broad enough, it's gonna make it easier for you to build your brand.

Speaker E: Yeah, I like it. That's quite close to my passion and I mean, I could narrow it down even further into sort of collective brain, kind of like collective think, critical thinking, relational critical thinking, because it's not just about individuals these days. It's very much about diversity in teams.

Speaker A: Yeah, and the thing with building personal brands is you just start to publish stuff and then see what you are passionate about talking and what people like reading. And it doesn't mean that this is forever your forever avenue, but we have to pick one avenue to start becoming known for something.

Speaker E: So one specific question I have is, I have got a fair bit invested in my kind of personal Substack, but I started that out by calling it Being Prosocial, which was linked to my other brand. And I've been thinking lately that I'd like to sort of disaggregate that, the name of that Substack, maybe talk about maybe a transitionary one, something like Prosocial AI, or just completely go in a separate direction, like, you know, Thinking Better with AI, or, you know, I don't know, Stop Being Dumb and Lonely with AI. But I haven't thought about the specifics of it, but just should I unhook that brand quite clearly from the ProSocial World brand?

Speaker A: Because I think on Substack, it's probably, it's a personal profile under your name, isn't it? Or did you use a business name?

Speaker E: Uh, no, it's, it's, I reckon it's your personal name. That, yeah, yeah, it's linked to me personally. I mean, I could just call it Paul Atkins.

Speaker A: Um, yeah, I think that's the best That's the best platform. If I did a Substack right now, I wouldn't call it Basic Bananas or Ocean Lovers or anything fancy. I would just call it Francisca Azzilli because that's building brand and you are going to be the one invited to speak because you want to do more writing, speaking, publishing. You need to build Substack around your name.

Speaker E: Yeah, I see. Cool. And that's what I'll use as my URL too. I've got paul@pence.net. So That's an okay URL, I think.

Speaker A: Even better. Yeah. Because you've got a PhD, can you just do, I know you're a bit hesitant, but can you not do Dr. Paul Atkins? That still has a lot of weight. I mean, that's, I could do Professor Paul Atkins if I wanted. Yeah. I think, I think that's better than just Paul Atkins. If I had a PhD, I would definitely use doctor.

Speaker E: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: I think it just shows that you do have that also research component. You're not just talking out of your bum, you know, you are somebody who has done the research.

Speaker E: I mean, I really can use Professor because I was a professor at ANU, so I don't know whether that's even better, but what does it sound too wanky?

Speaker A: Not at all. What, what, what does everyone else think? Prof, Prof Paul Atkins, Dr. Paul Atkins? I probably like Prof Paul Atkins. I think that's really cool. But what does anyone else think?

Speaker F: I quite like the shorter Prof Paul Atkins. I think that's quite got a nice little ring, or doctor. I wouldn't go professor in full, but prof maybe, or doctor.

Speaker A: I like prof. Yeah, yeah, everyone's saying yeah, prof.

Speaker E: Yeah, kind of professional as well, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah, I like it.

Speaker E: Thank you.

Speaker A: Awesome. All right, thanks so much everyone for chiming in.

Speaker E: Yeah, thanks for your input.

Speaker A: You're so welcome. And it's a journey and it's not with these things. I would never just, it's not a, you don't solve this challenge by thinking too much, even though that is your topic. You solve this challenge by thinking and then doing and then thinking again about what you just did and then pivoting, adjusting. It's like this, you know, river that you go down, but if you just stay sitting on the rock thinking. You're never gonna get anywhere. So it's just about doing something, publishing something and seeing what happens, get the reactions and see how you feel about it and then adjusting it.

Speaker E: Yeah. Cool. Well, I've got another book coming out in a short period, so I'll have something to build around, which would be great.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah. And that's really that you should start with that in mind that there's a book coming, teasing it. Sharing snippets from it, getting the reactions on the content, and then you know what stays in the book and what goes.

Speaker E: Thank you.

Speaker A: Cool. Awesome. Next up is Sarah. Should we give Prof. Polaskin a clap? 1, 2, 3. Cool. Hey, and also I realized this morning it's 11:11. If anyone else believes in special numbers, I do. It's a special day today. 11:11.

Speaker F: It's a big day today, actually. Lots of things happened on the 11th. The 11th?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. What happened?

Speaker F: Well, it's Remembrance Day as well.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, it is.

Speaker F: And also, um, the dismissal in Australia of— sacking of Gough Whitlam. So that was a huge event in Australia's history.

Speaker A: I didn't know that.

Speaker F: Yeah, sacking of a prime minister. Yeah, yeah, massive.

Speaker A: On the 11th, 11th, what a day. So next, Sarah, you got a Geo question. Do you want to ask your question or should I just show you what I got here from— I messaged Christophe with your question.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so between his webinar and my advisory call—

Speaker B: I should be able to nail it.

Speaker A: Well, hopefully. He said, hey, I said, hey, give me your insights on this. Should I just play it for you? Can you see the screen with the video on it? Yes, actually, you know what, I need to share the sound too. So this question from Sarah here is about GEO, which we talked about at the Experience. Sarah has already started implementing it. Do you want to give a quick background on what you've worked on and then we share this?

Speaker B: Um, well, amazingly, during the Experience— not amazingly, but it was a very generous thing that I've loved using so far— was GPT that, um, you created or you shared, Francesca? I don't fully get them.

Speaker A: The GEO one or the social media one?

Speaker B: GEO.

Speaker A: Yeah, you or is it? Rico and Kevin did that one. I'll share it in a minute.

Speaker B: Okay. Um, so I've put a few, I mean, it was fantastic because before you get started on writing your content, it asks you a bunch of questions about your people and who you're selling to and the kinds of questions that they ask. All of that side of stuff. So then it jigs your articles or your content writing with all of that stuff so that when you're popping it over onto the website, you can set your, the pages to be findable by AI. So for anyone not on the masterclass today, it was about how AI is now coming in so that SEO that we were doing for the searchability of our websites is now we need to also be thinking about it from an AI perspective. So I started writing and, and it's been great. I've loved it, but I just don't fully understand where it says something like replace your HTTPS yourdomain.com with the live article URL when you publish. What the hell does that mean? And what is the JSON-LD schema? Where does that coding go? I don't get it.

Speaker A: Perfect. Let's, let's watch Crystal's video because it's, these are great questions. I've just popped the GPT. So we built a custom GPT that you can use even if you're on the free version. Of ChatGPT. I've popped that in the chat. So the one that Sarah has been using is referring to, and my team use it too. That's the custom-built one, and I can't take credit. Christo and Kevin built that one. And now let's look at Christo answering your questions. And I haven't watched this video, so I hope he is not saying anything naughty. So let's go.

Speaker G: Yo, so this is all pretty straightforward. It says, uh, Basically, this is what she was optimizing, the keywords, this, that's just a summary. Meta description is basically kind of like the same thing. So this, like, so actually if I work through, so meta description, it's like when you search something like, I don't know, football, Narrabeen. This is a meta description, this text right here. So you got the page title and then the text that sits down here. Last opportunity remaining to sponsor with pride, Narrabeen, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Team Home, this one. Team Home, Narabeen Football Club. This is the meta description, um, in the back end of Leadpages, which looks like she's— what she's using is meta description. There'll be meta title and meta description. It's the page title and page description, same as we do in the back of WordPress.

Speaker A: Do you know the meta description bit in Leadpages? Yep. Yes.

Speaker G: Yeah, each page has a page title and page description, and that's where you update those, um, Schema, if possible, just check within Leadpages if it's possible to update schema. That's all she needs to done with that one. And then that's just telling like AI that this is like the kind of factual information about the page. She can also check in the rich results, Google rich results, Google rich results test. That one she can check, put the page in and see what shows up. It'll show up if this like that information's already there anyway on the page, but it's optional. So don't, don't panic.

Speaker A: So in Leadpages, have you got the schema markup?

Speaker B: No, you can't do it. And if you said to me today, it's really important that you use this, then I would go to Leadpages and ask them to comment on why, why can't I do it?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: What's happening. Um, but if it's optional and it really doesn't mean anything, Like, I'm, I just don't want to do all of this work and then I missed out on one detail or something.

Speaker A: No, I think it looks like it's optional. And I would say that companies like Leadpages, they are, they will slowly develop their—

Speaker B: I think so too. I think it will come.

Speaker A: Yes, it will. This stuff will come. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't worry. I wouldn't waste time on it.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker G: Panic if not. H2.

Speaker A: Don't panic. So don't panic is what Krista said. So let's not panic.

Speaker B: Not panicking.

Speaker A: I know you're not, you don't look like you are.

Speaker G: This means use headings. So headings are a certain size on every webpage or either H1 is the biggest, H2 is like slightly smaller kind of subheading. Um, so it's just saying use that for the different sections as subheadings. Add a call to action. That one's straightforward. Same thing here. Basically just this, this summary again said wouldn't overthink it. It was just like basically focus on that as the, uh, the page summary there. Um, forget about adding the code in if you can't anyway. It's just to update that schema part, which is just to Okay, okay. Telling AI like your business name and things, which you'll likely pick up anyway. And then this is like, would you like it to create basically some code which you paste into like your social media post to make things like the image it displays properly? Like it's basically just altering your social media posts, so I wouldn't bother with that either.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker G: And this one's just reminding you to make sure you put your own, your real URL in instead of like a holding URL. It's like saying replace xyz.com with your actual website URL, um, is all it's saying there, because there must be somewhere in the content that you need to update that. And that's that.

Speaker A: Okay. I think you're on track.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So, so bottom line is don't worry about the schema and the other code.

Speaker B: Okay. Just leave it for the time being.

Speaker A: Yeah. For the time being, Leadpages will catch up and they'll, they'll, they'll start to add different things on all these different platforms. They're going to have to. If they want to stay relevant.

Speaker B: Okay. And I don't need to do any— it's, um, for the face, the social media, you know, it sits in the background of the photograph to make it— the pictures to make it more something he said. Do I need to do that? Doesn't Facebook just about do that anyway?

Speaker A: Yeah, I don't think you need to do that. I think that's just if you want, if you want this GPT to now make you also the social media posts, but I don't think you need to do that. No.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, great. In that case, that's not as complicated as I thought it was going to be.

Speaker A: No, it does sound way more complicated than it actually is. I reckon they could probably simplify the GPT a little bit.

Speaker B: Okay. All right.

Speaker A: Great. Well done. Awesome. Thanks for asking. Anyone who wants to use the GPT, it's in the chat. I have a meeting and we do weekly AI meetings with the team. So I'll have a look at that too to see if we can simplify it a little because it does seem to go a little bit overboard. Yeah, awesome. One clap for you. 1, 2, 3.

Speaker F: Yay!

Speaker A: Thank you. Well done for implementing so fast. Katherine, let's talk about your question about reworking your book, Seriously Playful.

Speaker F: Okey-dokes. Thank you. Hi, everybody. And Paul, I can really relate to your conundrum. So, yes, sitting in the space of trying to figure out explaining complex things like coaching and how you work and the frameworks that you use in a simple language that people can understand is quite challenging. And I'm going through that at the moment. So I empathize. Maybe we can have a conversation. Maybe that will—

Speaker B: I thought about you, Katherine, when Paul was talking. And what I liked about both of you using your title is that It tells me that the content, the content may well be all fluffy and light and beautiful and emotional and all of these things, but the title tells me that you actually know what you're talking about. So use it.

Speaker A: Yeah, I was thinking about Catherine too. And, and I always think about these things because we've worked with a lot of coaches, consultants. We used to coach at the mentor marketing at the coaching institute in, in Melbourne. And the, the commonality that most coaches, consultants, speakers have is that they all are way too generic. And when they are way too generic, it's really hard to, to send them clients. That's one thing. The second downfall is that most of them focus on what they want rather than then putting a little bit of a marketing spin on what exactly does that mean for my clients, why should they hire me? Okay, cool. I'm really passionate about communication, but so what? I don't care. I run a company. I'm passionate about communication too. What can you help me with? Oh, I can help you with, with your team not getting dumber and I can help them to use their critical thinking to get more out of AI. And I was like, oh, cool. I'm interested. So, so it's not too fluffy, practical, clear. And explain it in a way that a 5-year-old could talk about it. Well, the AI bit may be 5-year-old. Oh, actually these days.

Speaker F: I think this is the challenge. I think this is the challenge. Like on the one hand, you know, generic or vanilla kind of has a recipe to it. And then if you don't, if you're not that, then how do you explain it in a way that doesn't dumb it down, but makes it simple for people to understand. And I think the other thing that, you know, I'm struggling with is that my work is so experiential that it's trying to help people to understand the experience without them having had an experience. And so therefore, how do you help people step into that experience when they haven't had one? It's, it's challenging. Anyway, that's— that will be coming for me because I'm sort of drilling down on that a little bit more. But the one that I'd like to sort of talk about today is my book, Seriously Playful Creativity. So this is a book and I'll show it to you. So this is a book that I produced a while ago and it's an A to Z of creative prompts. So it's meant to prompt people into, into reflection and action. So thinking about things. So depending on what's going on in your life, your business, your projects, your just your own creativity. If you're sort of thinking, man, I need to get a little bit more creative and get out of my own way. This is like an A to Z, so it's got ideas in there and it gives you a bit of an outline of what it is. But like A is about attitude and B is about being bold and C is about being curious. So they kind of are prompts that you can either work through in a linear way or you can jump to things. And so I've coached people with it in a very linear way. I've been coaching somebody with it and he loves the structure in one way, but then the fluidity of it as well. So there's a starting point and it's kind of a springboard into other things as well. And then other people kind of dip in and out of it along the way. And then there's reflection pages in there, or what I call interlude pages, which have got questions, thoughtful questions to be able to think about, you know, where you're at. When I created that, I created it in a particular way that I had a vision for. And it was about a spiral bind and it was about having this image on there, which is an artwork that I had created, a rhinosaur on a bicycle playing a saxophone. And I thought, well, you can't get any more creative than that, can you really? And then the spiral bind is so that people can turn it back and things like that and use it as a real journal. There's limitations of that as a commercial product in some respects. And I went to an independent bookshop here in Brisbane and they said, love, love, love the book, but the spiral bind, don't— we won't go with the spiral bind because it has issues. So for a while now I've been thinking about how do I turn this into the next, like, 2.0. So it's about turning it into a more traditional book without losing aspects of it. And I've been speaking with a local publisher and he really likes it a lot. He says, I think it's great, I've not seen really anything like it. I think he wants to work with me on it, and now we're just starting to kind of think through. And he's kind of got this vision which we had when we had the meeting. He kind of was looking into the distance, and I was looking at him, and I actually turned around and I thought, what's he looking at? And he said, I can see it but not clearly. He said it's kind of diaphanous at the moment. So it came up— I came up with this idea now which I'm going to use in things about having diaphanous conversations, by the way. And so how they're kind of— they're illuminating, but they're not clear. And you can kind of see it, but it's not really tangible. And, you know, where that can sort of go is amazing. So I'll be using that in my coaching conversations as well. But anyway, so traditional book, you know, so that it's kind of easy to put on a shelf and blah, blah, blah. And I'd like to see it in an airport bookshop and people are rummaging through and they go, oh, that'd be nice. It's not a heavy academic read. It's never meant to be a heavy, heavy academic read. It's meant to be light, inspirational, motivational. And so he's also talked about what's the ecosystem around it. And that's what we're starting to talk about now too. So if any of you did the Innovation Playground workshop that I did with Basic Bananas, I did these flip cards, virtual flip cards about the A to Z. And so you could select a card, flip it, and the word would come up and I'd prompt the question. So we like the idea of having these cards as well to go with it. Like I've got the image cards that some of you at the experience will have experienced. And then maybe a workbook around it and things like that. And so we're just trying to sort of formulate. And he said, I need to go away and think about it. And I said, that's great, I will too. And I said, but I could take it to my advisory group and see what they have to say and get some feedback. And what do you think? And thoughts and anything that comes to mind really about it as a concept idea. And yeah, feedback really, I think.

Speaker A: Who is the perfect audience for this? Who do you think would benefit from buying this?

Speaker F: Well, certainly individuals who want to prompt their own creative thinking, you know, to literally— it's like you think about cards, those those inspiration cards and things like that that you can pull out of a card pack. And it's like, think about this for the day, have a prompt today. So this prompt could be like, if I flick it open and just go, well, I'm just going to here and I'm going there. Oh, this is about joy. Okay, so today, how am I gonna bring more joy into my life? Is the work that I'm doing today joyful? If it's not, how do I make it joyful? What do I want to be more joyful? Et cetera. That could be used with an individual. It could be used with teams as well. So we could use prompts with teams to go, okay, what's happening in the team at the moment? Where is there more joy that's needed? Or where is there intention needed? Or whatever it is that the prompts are that are, um, that come out of the book. Um, and we can base, you know, the coaching and/or sessions around some of those some of those concepts and things like that as well. So I can see it with individuals and certainly with teams as well, artists as well. And I know artists have actually bought that.

Speaker A: So, oh yeah, that's amazing. I can definitely see it with individuals and I can definitely see it with teams where you, you, you know, let's say if you run a team, you start every, or once a week, you start your team meetings with a card or you finish or maybe finish, you could finish every meeting with a card. That could become a cultural thing on curiosity and creativity to foster that in a company. I think that's incredible. So, so because, so you're asking about the ecosystem around it. So that's why target audience, who is the target audience? The best, the most low-hanging fruit that I'm seeing is that your ecosystem is the book. So this, instead of a spiral book, it becomes a real book, a hard copy. With a hard spine and plus the cards that go with it using these words. And then that's a pack. So you can buy the book or you can buy the book and the cards. And then for your sessions, your facilitation sessions, what do you do then is also you have a workbook. I think that's the, I think a consumer at home for a Christmas gift, I probably would just buy the book and the cards.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then if I hire you to coach my team or to coach me, I would then also get the workbook. Yeah, yeah, that's probably what I'm seeing most. Does anyone else want to share anything? And, and, you know, if I look at— I've bought lots of different cards and the best ones are always— and some of the ones that you mentioned, the, the— I bought some Hafez one based on the poet, and the best ones are the cards that come with a little book to explain.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker A: And sort of give you clues, prompts as you call it, on the different cards that you pull out.

Speaker F: Yes. Yes.

Speaker A: Has anyone else got any thoughts around this? And that's kind of the lowest hanging fruit without—

Speaker B: I do like the idea of it being something that, you know, a business owner might purchase it to make sure that each week isn't all about the numbers and the job list, and that it might not need— if you had a workbook with it like your Courage book, Francisca, that means that I can actually go a bit further by myself without needing, as a small business owner, to spread my money a little bit further by employing a coach, you know, I could actually, if I was, you know, organized enough, um, I could do the whole thing myself at home starting each week. I do love, I know that they're telling you that the spiral is not a goer, but I love that the book can open onto the table flat. I don't know how you achieve that without a spiral. And I guess, you know, children's books do open like that. So how are they achieving that without a spiral back? It must be doable. It's a beautiful book.

Speaker A: And maybe the workbook is the one, you know, the workbook that you don't sell in bookshops. Maybe that's the one with the spiral.

Speaker B: And your cards are beautiful.

Speaker A: Hmm.

Speaker B: I think this is great.

Speaker H: So to, to further add to it, I was thinking you could, uh, develop an online community.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker H: And, um, with your online community, um, you could also, um, have each, um, um, word, um, a, or, um, letter, um, a particular module. And, um, maybe you could run, um, a, instead of going one-on-one, or do 1 to 50, you know, and have them recorded so that people can work through the online courses as they go. And then of course they have to do a little quiz or something and then maybe to be able to move on to the next letter. Or you could have it so that they don't do that at all. They can go straight to N for Natalie because I want to, because I like that one. So you could make it however you like that way. And then on with your online community, you also have your, um, live sessions once a month, something like that. And also have a Facebook group that, um, is a private group.

Speaker D: Um, yeah.

Speaker H: And, and really get a bit of recurring income from it.

Speaker F: Mm, that's great. I like it. Thanks, Natalie. That's— there's some great ideas there. Absolutely. Yeah. Fantastic.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Love it. And, and really easy way to have a book where you have a call to action to come into that community. As part of a lead magnet. Yeah, awesome. Thanks, thanks so much for sharing and all the insights and the question.

Speaker E: Thank you.

Speaker A: One clap for you. Thank you, Kat. And we have, we have, let me see what I have next. I think I have Jodie and Jen. Yes, Jodie first and then Jen and then Kyla. So let me pull up Jodie, do you want to come off mute quickly? And I've got your sequence here too. Yeah, if you want to come off mute. And also, if you want to remind everyone what your business is in case someone hasn't met you.

Speaker D: Yeah, hi, my name's Jodie. I own a small retail clothing shop in far north Queensland in a little town called Kuranda. Yeah.

Speaker I: Great.

Speaker A: And you've written an email sequence to go out to your database between now and Christmas?

Speaker D: Yes, I have. Well, I might not even send it, but we're actually, we're doing those sequences in the modules. So I was just practicing really. Yeah. And I did all the funnels last week and sent them through and Christo recommended that I changed a few things. So yeah, I just sent, just had another go at the promotional funnel. So I figured that I'd just base it off, yeah, something that's happening soon, which is Christmas.

Speaker A: Hey, I love it. I love that you're practicing. Really awesome. What I will do quickly is, is I'll just skim through this real quick. So you all get a bit of a flavor of, so this is the reactivation funnel. What we call a reactivation funnel or sales funnel to get people to buy something, to wake them up from the database. And yeah, I have, I have one big piece of feedback which is going to be useful for all of you. So what I'll do is I'll let you read some of these. We don't have to read all of them, and then we can share feedback with Jodi. So imagine, just put yourself into the shoes of somebody you've maybe bought something from Sapphire before in the shop or maybe online.

Speaker F: Um, Francisca, could you just enlarge it just a little bit?

Speaker A: Yeah. Is that better?

Speaker F: Yeah, that's great. Thank you.

Speaker A: And so you're in the database, you've, you've bought something before, you kind of know the brand, but maybe you haven't bought something in a while and now you're going to get an email. So roughly, just skim it real quick. And then let me know if you got these emails, would you, would you take action? Would you open the next one? That's the other question is, let's say you received the first one. Now that you know what's going on, would you actually open the next emails or would you delete them? The, my major feedback on this is it's, it's, it's lacking love. It's, it's a promotion and it's marketing and it's something that AI could easily whip up for you. Maybe I hope you have used AI to whip this up for you. Yeah, that's what I did. I just used AI.

Speaker D: I placed that template into AI and I got them to write it for me.

Speaker A: Perfect.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Which you can, it's good. Like I use AI for, for everything, but then it's missing Paul's critical thinking. It's missing. It's missing the heart because any, I could get this from any shop.

Speaker I: Hmm.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, it just, it's okay, cool. Like, it doesn't make me feel anything fuzzy and warm. So we need to think about as consumers, what would we want to receive from a shop that we've shopped at that we love? We love that dress that we've bought when we were visiting. How can we put— it needs to be more emotive. It needs to have more love. How can we do that? Let's see if anyone else wants to to share quickly. I've got some chats here. I'd like to see an image of you, Maggie, a couple of teaser images. Yeah. What you could even do if you wanted to be really clever, the very first email, you could actually just announce that you're working on something really cool. And then the second email, you announce now what it is, the cool thing, which is the 10% off. So you could start the first email just by saying, I thought just to check in. Um, hey, Francisca, it's, it's Jodie here. I've been so busy with the new stock that just arrived, but I wanted to let you know that we are working on something a little special for the Christmas season. I'll let you know tomorrow.

Speaker D: Even if that's not true?

Speaker A: Oh no, you have to say stuff that is true. Yeah.

Speaker D: So that's what I just figured. It was just a straight push out for a promotion for Christmas.

Speaker A: But you can still— it's still true that you're working on a, on a promotion.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, so maybe it's not true that you have new stock, so we're not gonna lie about that. Hmm.

Speaker D: Hmm.

Speaker H: Could you even, uh, do something like, um, put, uh, something of, of a little more, more high value in there that they can keep that's not necessarily, but is slightly linked to, um, the store? And that is like my grandmother's plum pudding recipe. You know, or 10 ways to dress at that awkward Christmas party, you know, or some, something that's like us that makes me want to keep that email.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. And something that makes me want to read the next one. I like the whole, you know, and again, even better if you have a bit of a personal story. I exactly, I think Natalie It's really good advice. Even if you have a personal story and say, hey, Jodie here, I just, I just got invited to another Christmas party and I honestly don't really want to go, but I will go. And I'm just thinking about what to wear and how I can just, I've got so many beautiful dresses already, how I can make, use one dress and make me feel even more Christmassy. I've got this really cool scarf that you can use this way or this way, this way. So just like Natalie said, just maybe something a little personal that is also giving me something to think about.

Speaker D: Okay. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Let's see if anyone else. Here we go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go for it. Jen says, I would like to see what I'm going to miss out on, so bring some FOMO. I wonder if it's not even about the sale yet but about something else. Images of new arrivals with different headlines, Christmas outfits.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, definitely. That's, that's just copied straight from ChatGPT. Once I put it into the CRM system, that's when it will have links and photos and all the rest of that stuff. But that's it. It was just me playing around really. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. No, totally. And I appreciate that. And so this is all really good feedback for all of you. I think just, just to use AI and then just question it a bit and adjust it a bit. And there's lots of really cool ideas. Even this, this email could even be about, hey, Christmas around the corner. You probably have to go to a lot of Christmas parties. Some you don't want to go to. And you're wondering about different outfits, we've put 3 outfits together for you to check out.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay. So, um, use those templates, but then add some character as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's pretty much exactly that you're saying in a very clever way. Yeah. Add more character. Use the templates.

Speaker D: Personality. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Add more personality, more, more heart, more, more connection.

Speaker D: Not just, hey, 10%, buy this.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. So if I start a new chat in ChatGPT, under the brand or under my custom GPT, yeah. Do I have to add the instructions for my brand voice again, or should it just be set?

Speaker A: Yeah. And if you have a custom GPT, set in there. Yeah, you don't have to give it this. For the custom GPT, if you've created your own, it should all have all your instructions in there already. So it should always talk in your brand voice.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay. Well, it, yeah, well, it should already be talking in my brand voice. So should, do you want me to, to go further? Because it is pretty, yeah, pretty OTT sometimes, ChatGPT with the brand voice. It's like a bit cringy.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Kind of like a bit, you know, I don't know, lovey-dovey or—

Speaker A: Yeah, it is, it is super over the top. That's why we need to use our own flavor to then go, hey, I often use words and I say, depending on what I'm writing, I might just use, if I write an article, I might use the last paragraph and say, hey, make this more poetic. And then it will make it more, or make this more with a lot of the marketing stuff. I often say, make this more emotive. I want people to feel something. And you can even go back into your instructions and say, don't be over the top, you know, be more subtle. So you can adjust your custom GPT brand voice one as you go along. Mine is not completely perfect either, and it will never— I mean, I'm not going to say never. I'm glad that they are not able to be so perfect yet. If you ask anyone and anyone who says yes, they're lying. If you ask anyone, is the content that you get from ChatGPT amazing? It is not. Even the people that use ChatGPT amazingly, it is not there yet. And that's a good thing because you can see the people that publish rubbish, their brands are diluting. The people that use their own brain, critical thinking, have a chat forth and back, take a bit more time to craft something that is a standout.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker I: Yeah.

Speaker A: But really, really good. I think it's really helped me.

Speaker D: If I didn't have ChatGPT, I think I'd be stuck back in this module. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: I agree. And it's good to use ChatGPT to bang it out, put it into a document like you have, and now you go in and wordsmith it. Like now I would just go and copy my, add my own copy, and then I would put that again into ChatGPT and say, hey, how about this? Can you make it more warm? Can you make it more playful? A bit more cheeky? I often ask that too. I say, make it more playful. And it comes up with good, good stuff sometimes. Sometimes it's a bit repetitive, but it's learning. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker H: Okay.

Speaker D: Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker A: Oh, Sarah said, just bought Seriously Playful Creativity. Where did you buy that?

Speaker I: Where?

Speaker A: On the, on the website?

Speaker F: Yes.

Speaker B: I just went, I just Googled it and it went to, if it hadn't gone to your, to Maverick Minds, I wouldn't have bought it. But it went to Maverick Minds, so I just—

Speaker A: oh my God, that is so cool!

Speaker B: And I was thinking I should wait till it comes out in, in the next—

Speaker A: I know, I know, maybe you will get a free upgrade.

Speaker B: I want the— I want the spiral back.

Speaker A: You might get a free upgrade to the other book too. That's maybe—

Speaker B: let's see.

Speaker F: Definitely, definitely.

Speaker B: Sorry to interrupt, I thought that message was going to go quietly off to Catherine.

Speaker A: No, definitely not, that's a great message. It's Good Christmas shopping you're doing right there. Awesome work. Hey, awesome Jodie for playing with this one. Clap for you. 1, 2, 3. And Jen, your question, I've got it on the screen here. Do you want to share your question? Then we look at the sequence. It's really good. Your sequence. I've already had a look.

Speaker I: Hi. So mine is for a free masterclass, which is my big lead gen each month that I'm trying to do. So that will run next week. We're a little bit short on time, so probably not as much to promote this month as we'd like, and Christmas will be difficult. For those of you that don't know, it's around female financial literacy. So it's my 5 steps that every woman needs to do to get some financial literacy. So after they've registered, this is the email sequence. I think you said the other week, Francesca, do this one and then we'll do the after one. So just as some context, I was getting, you know, 70, 60 people registering, but only 4 or 5 actually showing up. So we think there's something somewhere in there.

Speaker A: Yeah, we need to have a target of, because it's a free session, right?

Speaker I: Yeah.

Speaker A: We need, we need to have a target that we get at least 20, 30% showing up. I'd like, I'd like that target, you know, achieved by the end of the year. I know we don't have that long left, but it would be great to have that achieved. Do you, what system do you use again for, do you use Ontraport or Mailchimp? Uh, no, um, Kajabi. Oh, Kajabi. Can you do SMS?

Speaker I: Uh, I think so. I'm not sure. I'll have a look at that.

Speaker A: Maybe check because we also do SMS just, just an hour before the session, an SMS. Hey, we're going live in an hour. Here's the link.

Speaker I: Yeah, I know last, this time we've collected text messages because I think it does go now to it.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. Yeah. And then just, this is obviously when they register a lot. I'm sure you don't use a passcode, right? You just make sure you don't.

Speaker I: They just go in. I don't know why it does that.

Speaker A: Yeah, hopefully. Yeah, that's all good. So that's, that's the first email. I'll get everyone to read it. So the point of this sequence is people get, see an ad somewhere where it says, hey, if you are a woman and you want to understand finances, better because of these reasons. And here's the reason, you know, why a lot of people struggle because they don't understand money. This session is for you. You see the ad, you go to landing page, you register for this free class. And now you get a sequence of messages that make you want to now show up to this class. The problem with free classes is that one, emails go into spam box so that some, maybe already 30%, don't see the email. To you register for all these free classes and then you never show up because it's just, you're busy, this and that. So it needs to be enticing enough for you to not want to miss out. Now, already one thing that I'm seeing here, they've already registered, right? Because if, if I get this email and it tells me, hey, that's going to be a replay, I'm not going to show up.

Speaker I: Okay. So you're saying I shouldn't allow a replay?

Speaker A: No, you can definitely 100% allow a replay, but you don't tell them beforehand. Okay.

Speaker I: Yep. Cool.

Speaker A: So that definitely needs to go because otherwise I'm one of these people that I'm too busy at the time. If there's a replay, I'm coming. If there's no replay, I'm showing up.

Speaker I: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. I like the language here. Hey, hey, gorgeous. Yes, you took the first step. That's really cool. Your spot is confirmed. That's really good language. And here maybe you can say what you'll discover or what you'll learn. So it's about them, not about me, not what we're covering, but what you will learn.

Speaker F: Yeah, the, the other thing is about recording. Um, I've been to some sessions where it's been quite sort of interactive. So I don't know how interactive it is, Jen, but, um, people say you've got to be there, you know, like it's not something that we will record. And it also helps people, I think, have a level of, um, uh, vulnerability in some respects too, if they think it's not being recorded. So depending on the nature of the webinar as such, if it's just you know, you're talking and there's no real interaction, then that's one thing. But if it's actually something that's a bit more interactive, then maybe not record it.

Speaker I: Definitely. Well, it is interactive if they want to join in. I ask lots of questions, but when there's only 3 and 4 people turning up, it's never all that interactive.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then just one more thing here is I just added this bit here, and you can adjust the language, but I'm telling them that they're gonna get something in the session. We'll give you our favorite financial planning template in the session.

Speaker I: Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. This is a game changer. You can change the language if it is over the top. And then here, maybe what's your— just turn this into a question. What's your biggest money frustration? Right now. We don't want to make them work too much just yet, but it's good to get a bit of engagement. Can't wait to support you in changing your life. You know, whatever, something like that might be over the top for you. And then the next one, and feel free anyone to chime in. I think I saw some comments pop up here too. Sorry, we're just going to go quickly, like a few minutes over time. Oh yeah, some people had to leave already. Uh, one day before tomorrow, Your Money Backs Your Movement await. Maybe it could just, uh, see you tomorrow, live masterclass.

Speaker B: Could you suggest, um the invitation to be extended to a daughter or a sister or a mum or a dad who's raising daughters, or I don't know. I just wonder if that— if you had 3 people and they all bought somebody because there was— does that say that down there? I can't read it.

Speaker A: It's a good point. It's a really good point. Unlimited spots remaining. That we kind of all know that that's not true on a Zoom. So maybe we could just say, wanna bring a friend?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Please send them this link to RSVP.

Speaker E: RSVP for free.

Speaker A: Something like that.

Speaker E: Yep.

Speaker A: I just, I'll just, I don't want to mess with your thing. 30 minutes before. That's good. Really good. Yeah. That's really good. That's really good copy. Got, got a few surprises on the call waiting for you. And the surprises will be the replay. You can let them know at the end that they're going to get a replay and maybe a template if you can give them some sort of a template that they can follow along like a—

Speaker E: Yep.

Speaker I: The other thing we've got, we did what you were saying because you know how we're putting our pricing up. From January. So we've put it up now and they'll get a 50% discount to bring it down to it. But that's only going to be for 24 hours.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's perfect.

Speaker I: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. That's at the end in your pitch. We don't say that in the email, but we will say that in the follow-up sequence, which you're going to write for the next, when we, when we hang out again here.

Speaker I: Yeah.

Speaker A: This is really good copy.

Speaker I: Okay.

Speaker A: Thank you. Really good.

Speaker F: How do we, how do we, um, find out about your webinars, Jen? Because I haven't seen anything.

Speaker I: So, so at the moment they're just being promoted on social. So, um, we've got an advertising campaign going out. Um, so you may not fit into what Meta decides is my ideal client. Um, or it is on our website, jenrichardson.co.

Speaker A: Do you want to pop it in the chat?

Speaker I: Yeah, sure.

Speaker A: You might get some people to come, and then if anyone from here wants to go and then give feedback, that's even better.

Speaker I: Yes, I'll take any feedback.

Speaker A: And you probably learn a lot too. You might even want to buy the program because you know a lot about this stuff. Yeah, and then this, yeah, and then this email here will have to have the bit about Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker I: I actually didn't realize that was there because I thought that would— I was going to do a whole new sequence. So that one probably needs to come out because that's the one prior.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker I: And then I'll do a whole new sequence for the after the thing and the replay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Really good. Really good.

Speaker I: Okay. Cheers.

Speaker A: Awesome. Really well done. If you want to just— I'll one clap for you. If you want to share the link in the chat while we look at the last question real quick. That'd be amazing. Really, really awesome work. So let's, let's see, you know, let's see if we can get to a target of at least 20% showing up. Let's do 20 for now. Next year we want 30.

Speaker I: Yep. Okay.

Speaker A: Good. Thank you. You're so welcome. Kyla, last question from you. I know it came in late. I'm not pointing the finger.

Speaker C: Sorry about that. I was, I was on the, on the other AI masterclass. Oh, I've got a stone in my throat. So sorry. But yeah, this is our very— I mean, we haven't even got our images correct. This is just our very, very first draft that's come through.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Uh, so yeah, we've got to correct a lot of our images, but, um, I just wanted some initial feedback. Um, there's a lot of polishing to be done. Um, I, I was wondering, the one thing I wanted— I was wondering about our main title image there that is done by a local artist, Ben Brown.

Speaker A: Um, every—

Speaker C: we get a lot of feedback from people saying they love it because it's on our vans as well down at the beach. But I was, I was wondering if we don't have sort of a header image rather than a—

Speaker A: than that. Yeah, I don't like that as I had— that was my major feedback was It's a cool image, but I don't like that as a header image for a service. For my kids, I'm like, I don't want my kids to get scared.

Speaker C: That's exactly where my thinking was. I was like, I know that we get a lot of feedback from it, and I know Matt loves it, and it's on a lot of shirts and stuff, but I have heard that the little kids are scared by it.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm a bit scared by it.

Speaker C: And then the other thing is we do a lot of corporate groups, and I deal with— I mean, we have 50 schools coming to us every week, you know, kind of feel like there needs to be something a little bit lower key than that anyway on the go, you know, that seems a bit too—

Speaker A: yeah, this can go at the bottom somewhere else. And I know you're still going with images and stuff, but not, not in the header here. That's— it's, it's not the right place for it. It's cool. I can see why it's cool.

Speaker B: If I'm a parent and I'm trying— and I'm signing my kid up for this and I'm a bit straight and I don't I'm not trying to surf myself, I'm trying to do it so that my child is safe in the water. Then I'm like, okay, I don't really want this for my child.

Speaker E: Throw the surfboard out.

Speaker C: That's very clear because we get a lot of questions about that. And I've got 3 kids myself, so I, you know, and when the parents call us up and they ask us all these questions, I go, it's because they need to make sure that we're responsible.

Speaker B: So we represent— Yes, exactly that. Which doesn't come across in that picture.

Speaker C: The other thing is I needed to, I needed to, to take that back to the boss and say something about it as well.

Speaker F: The other, the other thing is it's quite gendered as well, and you might want to sort of do something that's less gendered.

Speaker C: Yep, sure, that's great feedback. Yeah, I'll take that back to him.

Speaker A: Yeah, what I was going to say is for this header image, because you Just mention your target audiences are actually, you know, parents of kids. It's corporate groups and it's also good surfers, right? It's also backseat surfers.

Speaker C: Yeah, surfers. Yeah.

Speaker A: So as well, I would do a collage here with just a, you know, a bunch of photos that stay, not a rotating header. It's kind of a bit dumb, the rotating thing. So can be a static image, but, or a video, it can, can be a video. If you have that, that's cool if it doesn't create too much work. And otherwise, just a collage of the different types, which is a good surfer here, for example, kids surfing, and corporate groups. So just, we see the whole range. But yeah, if you can do a video, awesome. If not, just do a collage. And then definitely not all this black space here. But again, this is just a, they would never publish it like that, I don't think.

Speaker C: Okay, all right, great. Thank you. That's actually the main question that I needed to— I was waiting to see if anybody said anything, so I'm glad everybody went, uh, not that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, generally. Yeah, generally. And then obviously you mentioned, uh, last week just putting some more colors into the— for adults and kids, just making those pages. Yeah, I'll have a chat about doing that because he wanted to insert some more color. And then, yeah, that's it. This is very, very early days. And then, yeah, I'm happy to take that back to them and see what we can—

Speaker A: Great. Yeah, really awesome work. Did anyone else want to share something? I feel like Natalie, did you want to say something?

Speaker H: Yeah, I was going to say I would like to see some waves, giant waves, and maybe a handful of your students out in the distance Parents going along as the header. And then under that, like, would it not be—

Speaker A: it would—

Speaker H: I landed there going, what's this all about? So could maybe it be like, you know, we are XYZ's leading surf school. We look after children, executives, and do a bit of, you know, like a paragraph that's a blast paragraph that says exactly what you do in one sentence.

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker H: And then go on with your— and then go on with your little call to action saying, you know, click here for your particular school types.

Speaker A: Okay. Great. Great.

Speaker C: Thank you. Thank you for that. I appreciate that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, really well done. Great question. One clap for you. 1, 2, 3. Kat is just sharing her image of 2 rabbits surfing. Oh, that's really cool. That's, that's a funny one. That's great. Awesome. Can you see it in the chat, Kyla?

Speaker F: Oh, there it is.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's lovely. Great questions. A lot of action taken this week. I'm very proud of you all.

Speaker B: Crazy leg out to the side.

Speaker A: Really cute. Keep working on these things. I'm just happy to see all the progress. Also, Jen in particular, also, I was, you know, been hoping for you to share your sequence. It's sometimes just little tiny tweaks because we talked about it at Freedom Bunch. And I just feel like some of these tiny little tweaks and we're tweaking ours all the time and you can see the numbers. Changing up or down depending on what you change and the impact it has. So you're already spending money on campaigns, we might as well get more out of them.

Speaker I: So you know how you said to get one webinar and master that one, I should tweak it though each time.

Speaker A: Look, I would, I 100% would stick with one really epic masterclass that because you're spending money on traffic, cold traffic, I wouldn't test new content every time to see what sticks. I would perfection your one masterclass class pitch. And really the masterclass, ideally it's, you know, I don't want to say you're, you know, playing with people's minds, but you do leave clues that will lead them to go, I need this. So you will, you will have content and Kevin is really good at helping with that. But you will have content in it that will make them realize that, oh my God, if I only had a Jenn in my pocket, my life would change because it will change. So that's why I would just perfection the one masterclass and just get better at it, better at it. You don't have to update it, but you will get feedback from people and realize, and from your own, you will go, you know what, this part here doesn't really, doesn't work. I need to change it, or I need more case studies. You definitely need to have case studies in there. You need to have a big why at the beginning, why this topic is so important. What happens if you don't invest in your financial literacy? Some stories throughout of women that have worked with you and what changed and how their thinking has changed and then what now, what, where they're at because of you. So that's why I would, then your, your new content is for people that are paying you. Not for the people that are coming into your community.

Speaker E: Cool.

Speaker I: Thank you so much.

Speaker A: It also simplifies your life. Yeah.

Speaker I: And this one that I'm doing does all the 5, like it just briefly touches on all 5 parts that we do. Whereas before I was doing one and trying to do one really in depth.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker I: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cool. Thank you. You're so welcome. Have a beautiful rest of your afternoon. Thanks for sticking around even a little bit longer and asking really good questions and helping each other. Really appreciate it.

Speaker F: Thank you so much, everybody. Thanks, Francisca.

Speaker A: Have a good afternoon.

Speaker F: You too.

Speaker A: Bye. Yeah, bye-bye.