Speaker A: Let's get into today's advisory board. So we got, I'll jump straight to the questions, just 2 questions. So Sarah, for you, and then for Anna. I don't think Anna's made it because Anna's in Scotland. And well, what's the time in Scotland? Judging by Sarah, it's probably close to 6 AM. Maybe it's a bit earlier for her. I have no idea. It's probably Maybe it's earlier. Either way, she'll listen into the recording. Said she might try and make it, but otherwise she'll listen into the recording. And so Sarah, you are first. Yay. How good is that? Then you can just sneak off and get on with your day.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you, when creating So when creating Facebook ads, is it considered better to use video or stills? Oh, I should say once again, sorry for everyone, feel free. We only have the two questions today. Feel free to jump in any insights that you want to share or any experience you've had as well. If it obviously benefits any questions, there's no right or wrong or good or bad. So always good to hear from you, or if you have a question that suddenly pops up as a result of these current questions, feel free to go for it as well. Just either come off mute or type away in the chat. This, this one, there's no crystal clear answer because, so first question here, when creating Facebook ads, is it considered better to use video or stills for the visuals? You can go either way. Both are great. Just keeping in mind, it's just gotta be good, whatever it is for the platform. So if you're using like a still, if it looks like a banner ad, no one wants to look at the thing, they scroll straight past it. But if it looks like an awesome photo of something having fun or there's some movement happening in a photo, they tend to grab people's attention. Whereas if it's kind of too posed, it might not necessarily work that effectively. You know what, one of the most, like, this is how strange it is, one of the most effective ads It was up till mid last year. So it was like basically like the review of like financial year to mid 2024, looking at the best performing ads on social media. One of the, like, the best performing ads were the classic ones you saw a lot of businesses doing, whether a team or a few people stand in front of a mirror and take a selfie. Really? Yeah, I know it's devastating. And you know why? Because we're on social media and we, we want to see social stuff. So it matches the platform. Do you know what I mean? Like even the person there is there, you can see they've got the phone in their hand and they've taken a selfie in the mirror. They were best performing like up there, you know, like top 3, whatever, performing typical image on social media advertising. Now obviously not every business can do that or it's a bit ridiculous if they do it. But also any images where it doesn't have to be overly polished and things that do look too polished or like I was saying, like overly branded and sort of templated, it just tends to look a bit like an ad and people are on social media to see cool stuff or any stuff, lifestyle stuff I should call it. So if you have a good photo of someone standing on the front of a yacht popping the champagne or whatever, you know, or jumping off or whatever, like it's,. It's that sort of stuff that grabs attention. Obviously, if it's got to be relevant for the market, but your target market, video, a common mistake people make with social media is keeping in mind people on social media are on majority mobiles. So if the video is too distant, you sort of need to start the video, at least the first few seconds if you're doing video, pretty tightly cropped. Because if you consider someone's on a screen that's, you know, this big and then the video is maybe even two-thirds of that. It's, if it's someone talking, like if you're saying something at the start of a video, you want to be pretty, pretty tightly cropped so they can see it and get a feel for it. And you almost need something interesting in the first kind of like, you know, first 4 seconds. You don't want a long edited intro is the worst mistake. You see people edit like an intro where it's like the brand flies in and it's overly edited. Sort of like the first 5 seconds, you've lost us. Okay. Yeah. So either way, as long as it's good, it's just one.

Speaker C: And I know that it's either way. And I see them, you know, that I see stuff and I think, oh, that's great. And it's still, that's great. It's a video. But when you're doing them yourself and you're, you know, all of the questions and all of the doubts are going through your brain, you're like, oh my God, do I go this way or that way or Yeah. So it's, it's not a huge question, but also it's one that whenever we're doing, making content because we're doing it ourselves and we don't really know what we're doing, it's, you know, doubt is a huge part of it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Maybe just starting like any photos where you go, this is an awesome photo. You just start creating a bit of a folder because you might have, it, you know, you might have just slowly, you do a trip and you're like, oh, there was 2 really good photos in that trip or whatever. Or like, it was really awesome when we did that sunset and I took a couple of photos or whatever. Like, just start kind of saving them in a folder for potential ads and then, and posts. And then with videos, yeah, if you want to be a little bit more structured, I get you start to doubt and fears come up and like, are we doing the right thing or is this, Am I saying the right thing? The, just the, the, the start of it needs to be interesting for your market. It's not bad to show a bit of the exp— like the what's actually going on. I think videos for you because you've got the perfect set. If you consider other businesses where it's like an office, we gotta try and build a set or like, oh, should I stand in front of this poster? What a cool background. You know, like that's as good as I can get in the office. Whereas you can have a boat and a sunset, you can have Greek islands in the bloody background, you know, like that in itself is pretty interesting. So you've actually got a pretty good advantage. You can just start filming and then if you wanted to create a bit of a script or something like that, then just draft something up or ChatGPT a bit of a draft and let's review it on advisory board for you.

Speaker C: Okay, that sounds good. I might, I mean, I know we've got heaps of content and then I just don't know where to start because there's heaps of content and actually I'm saving stuff by the destination after each destination. I upload all the photos, but it still means there's a heap of bloody, you know, trolling through trying to find, whereas if I just did, you know, 3 or 4 photos into an ad folder it will at least nail it down from the get-go.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think that'll make life easier for you. Maybe on your, if you're on your phone or if you're taking, just create a new folder. Yeah. Just pop a few in and then you've got good content even for organic social media posts and for ads as well.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker A: That's good to look over your past content. Like if you look over all your past posts, that might be not ads. Obviously, if you've got ads, you could see which one's got the best engagement. But without the ads, even just look at the organic content and see if there are some posts that got more attention. So it might be that, you know, there's 10 different photos or a video or something, and that one got 40 likes and the rest got 10. Then, you know, I can—

Speaker C: That's how it is. If I do, hey guys, you know, we're in Croatia, here's our trip, we get just a few likes. If I do something like, um, very personal where I'm revealing something, you know, like recently one of our, one of our favorite skippers had a heart attack last week and died. That post is going mad because, and I don't know why, like so many people have come on that trip and know him and who are devastated, you know, like just freaking out that this guy died. And that post has gone mad. It's those posts that where I'm saying something about my family or something actually meaningful happens rather than just here's my great trip that I'm on at the moment.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think, well, people love a bit of drama, don't they? The, yeah, that's sad to hear. Sorry to hear about the one of your No, it's okay. It's okay. It's horrible. And I guess it does show a level of, well, it could show a level of passion from you and like the connection that you have with the people and the providers and things. So it might be beneficial in some sense in that way where the customers see that. I think if it is just standard, like here's this trip, you know, and it's amazing, Even on something like that, just trying to find a little, hey, here's a little sneaky custom that, you know, the Greek people do that you might not realize. Yes, it can be just to find those little things, the littlest, stupidest thing, and you probably see it every day, so you don't even see it.

Speaker C: I do, and I don't notice it.

Speaker A: We want to see it. I want to see like that they drink a coffee in a little cup with a cross on or whatever. Like, it doesn't have to be the overly, but it's just like, that's, ah, cool. Like, now I'm teased and my mouth's watering. I want to do that. Like, Okay, these, the littlest things like that. But you, I reckon you're just so used to them because you've been there a bazillion times and you're there every, you know, your mind's in work mode often too. So you probably don't, it's just normal.

Speaker C: I am, I am. And I find it very hard. I keep having to go, oh, content, content. Okay, photos, quick, take photos. But it's not where my brain is. My brain is like, okay, I've organized dinner and I've got the things ready and my, I just, you know, Emma is asking me for content where I'm filming the rooms and all of the, like, and I just don't think of it. I need an alarm that goes off in my, on my wrist or something.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, at least doing this, you'll think of it a bit more, you know, hopefully come a bit more front and center of mind. Now, Jack, did you have something you wanted to share as well?

Speaker D: Yeah, just a quick one. Little trend I've noticed that a lot of people are putting music to their stills or videos, and a catchy song starts to get more engagement because people scroll through and hear it and then go back. Um, you might be able to find plenty of inspiration if you know any girls that are anywhere between 20 to 35. They tend— anytime they go to Europe, they put on about 6 months worth of content, and it's all edited and got songs and stuff. So You know, any girls around that age and you go through their socials, I feel like you could definitely find some inspiration.

Speaker A: Okay, very good source. Very, very planned out content distribution when you have those.

Speaker C: I do like the stuff that's got the music. Even the stills, yeah, are better when they've got a tune along And I've noticed those are more engaged, like I, my brain connects and stops, whereas I would probably just keep scrolling otherwise.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Try and think maybe too, you wanna think about back to, remember in the Clever Bunch when we do content buckets, like you might go, like, I want a content, like basically for everyone else, not sure what I'm talking like a content theme. So you might say, look, I wanna have some content themes around like what Christo said, like quirky facts about Greece and it could be like the food, clothes, the just try and find little details like a little thing, you know, and then it might be other ones where I'm like content bucket is dinner, dinner meals. Another content bucket is like, you know, comments from guests. Hey, could you do a quick comment for our social media? Like, how's your day? Or what was the highlight from today? You know, it's like, yep, yep, yep. But just, it might help too then if you kind of go, okay, I'll try and just get a few either images or videos for, for each content bucket. Might make it a little easy. You don't have to overdo it. It could be like 3 things just like that, like 3 different themes that you try and build up a bit of content around.

Speaker C: All right. Yep. Okay, I can go and I've got so much stuff. I just, my brain, when I start looking at it, I just, my, I clock out, I actually clock out as well. I can't sit there. I keep sitting there going, I've actually got work to do. I can't do this.

Speaker A: Just pick one or the top 3 and bring it to an advisory board so you don't have to overthink it.

Speaker C: Alright.

Speaker A: Just pick any, pick one, pick 5 or show us 8 and we'll like do a vote on what we like, you know.

Speaker C: Okay. Wicked. Thank you very much. Awesome.

Speaker A: No worries. You're welcome. And then you had one, a second part to your question is when requesting reviews, what are the recommendations? How to request to make it easy? When to and how many times to remind people if they don't do it? Is it recommended to make a phone call and ask some low-key questions to see what the barriers are? So with reviews, if you can, something, if you're going for a review, like, so different approaches. If you're going for a review, like a leave a Google review type review where they go on to someone else's platform, or it's like a TripAdvisor platform or something like that, then a way to kind of encourage people a little bit is give them a little bit of like an angle, give them something to say. Because, you know, when someone says leave a review, yes, they say, could, could you leave us a quick review about what you thought of the destination and our customer service? Suddenly their brain goes, ah, okay, yeah, I can do that in 30 seconds. But if you say leave a review, it's just like infinite possibilities. I don't even know where to start. And like, you know, it's, you know what I mean? It's even like I do it myself. It's like, it's a sort of, I need, if you give me a little category, suddenly it's a lot easier. Okay. Yeah. On the other hand, if you're gonna publish a review yourself, So say it's gonna be for your, your website. So basically you publish it, then you could do— there's 4 questions I always recommend to ask. I'll pop them in the, in the chat here. So these are if you're, so say if you're, and for everyone you can adapt these and make them your own. But say if you're doing a quick video of someone, hey, could you do a really quick 2-minute review? If someone's just drunk a wine and they're sitting on the deck of the boat and you know, hey, they're talky right now, they're on fire. Now's the little window to get them. You say, you know, first one is, are there any concerns? Basically for everyone here, like, Are there any concerns when considering like booking a trip? What were you, might have you been concerned about or worried about when you're considering booking a trip with a, you know, a company like us? So if it's someone else, it's like, Emma, you know, anyone, any concerns you might have when you're considering storage units in your, you know, blah, blah, blah for your warehouse. So you basically find out what the concern is and then they bring up a reason. You know, I wasn't sure. I don't know. You know, I didn't want to be stuck with someone that might be painful. Call it was or if you should do it myself. Like you leave it to them to whatever they say. Then you ask, why did you choose us? And you can do this via text and then you ask, you know, what you love the most or what specific benefits did you get from buying from us for everyone else if you're adapting it? And then who would you recommend or what sort of people would you recommend take a trip with us? You know, who would you recommend our, our holidays to? What was best for? So then what you'll end up with is something like, you film Christo, he's had a wine, he's on the deck, he's talking right now, the trip was so awesome, thanks so much. Hey, would you mind if I just do a quick 1-minute video testimonial? Or you can email them and it can be via text. And then I'll answer something like, look, not sure, you know, originally, because I just, you know, there's so many options. I don't know if we could do it ourselves. I chose you because a friend recommended, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know what? As a result of choosing you, specific thing I love the most is You know, we went to these places, it's like being there with a local, the knowledge was fantastic. And the final question, I'd recommend this to anyone who's like traveling. If you don't have like unlimited resources, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know what I mean? It creates this beautiful, it's a really nice structure where then if you just edit the video and mash it together or, or if it's via text, you just kind of like strip out the questions and mash their answers together. And you end up with a really nice testimonial that sort of like mentions potential fear customer might have initially, why they chose, benefits, and who they recommend. Yeah, but you obviously, it's too complex if you send that to someone and say, can you leave us a Google review and mention these things? I wouldn't do it that way. I'd do it on something where they can, this sort of approach is where they can answer immediately. It's like feedback in an email or it's a video or something you're doing on the spot.

Speaker C: Yeah, all right, makes sense. All right, definitely this I find I get, I do get disappointed when everyone has had such an amazing trip and they tell me how amazing it is and they're all on a high and that yes, yes, yes, I'll review. And I feel like a small child in primary school waiting for the teacher to notice me in a review and it doesn't come. They don't, they absolutely don't review us. I think we've got one review this year and I just wonder if that's starts to look bad when other people are considering us. And it's— I find it really disappointing that—

Speaker A: yeah, that sucks. Are you, um, are you direct— where are you directing them to leave a review?

Speaker C: Like, um, we've got— they can leave it on Google, on, um, TripAdvisor, or on our website.

Speaker A: Right, okay. Yeah, I think it sounds like you probably need to give them a little angle Okay. Like for those ones and then on your website or if you wanna build it out, you could use these. If you get video like of them there and then, I know it's a little bit awkward to ask.

Speaker C: Yeah, that my, my hiccup is that it's awkward. What's that? My hiccup is that it's awkward and I, yeah.

Speaker A: So here's how I'll help you with that. When someone verbally says how great something was, it actually helps their, like, belief in how great it was increase. So when you're doing it, you, there is a really added benefit to it. If someone's gone and said on a video, it's the most amazing trip of my life, you know, this is so fantastic. Thank you. What you've done with them right there, it's like you've planted a pole in their, their history which can't be removed, they, their belief in the thing goes up and it actually helps you with future. So like there's, there's extra benefits to it. Yes. And also you just say it like, you know, just naturally. And if they don't want to do it, they don't do it. That's fine. But if you say it and because, because if you get a video, you can also transcribe it and use the text as well because it's, you know, you might say or they might say, oh no, look, I look, oh, that's true. I don't feel great today or whatever. You could say, hey, look, I'll just film the ground and you just talk it, you know, or we just do an audio thing. It'll save you, you know, writing something and I can just use the text, you know, which is okay.

Speaker C: I actually like that idea. I feel like my people, because they aren't anymore in the category of young and beautiful, they're more kind of aging gracefully and not so gracefully depending on how much alcohol they drink in their lives. They don't like being on camera anymore.

Speaker A: Right. Well, I, I, you, you might be surprised too. That might be your belief that you're projecting onto them. There might be some that actually would love a little bit of attention and they, um, and you might wanna then try and time it. Yeah. When they are glamored up for the, for the dinners and whatever. Yeah. For the dinners on the island.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Hey, we're going to the dinner on the island. Hey, and you give 'em a compliment. Wow, you look so fantastic. You know, Rosemary, you happy to leave me a, you know, a quick, okay.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You look so awesome right now.

Speaker C: All right, it can be my goal on my next trip.

Speaker A: Compliment followed by ask. You look so amazing right now. Is there any chance—

Speaker C: You're a con artist, like all marketing. Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Speaker A: All right, Jack, did you have something to add there?

Speaker D: Yeah, my only one would be whether you like— how are you directing them there? Do you have like QR codes because people don't like actually getting up and Googling it. So if you have like piece of papers around with a QR code, or even as they're leaving, or like the last night, hey, means a lot, it helps us out heaps. Here's a QR code, scan it, takes you straight there.

Speaker B: That would be—

Speaker C: and I just saw, I was at a mate's restaurant yesterday and I saw that they have put up QR codes everywhere. And so I've, it's on my job list now to create a QR code for our reviews. At the At the moment, it's just links within the emails that go out as part of the trip emails. Once the trip goes, they get a please review and then they get a reminder. But there isn't QR codes there. It's just the links.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Try and get them before they leave. I think what Jack's on here is like, yeah, before as they leave, maybe it's a, hey, finish the trip pack. And what I'd love, like basically when you do the debrief, Towards the end of the trip, you don't let them on land before they've— it's part of the process.

Speaker C: It sort of works to get off the boat.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Because you need to review me and then I'll release you.

Speaker A: If I've done a trip with you, I'm coming back to an email with 800— I mean, an inbox with 800 emails in it. Yes. I'm actually not leaving you a review either, even if I've loved it. Like, that's the— because I'm, I'm coming back to like, at this point in time, I'm on highest filter mode.

Speaker C: Like. You're absolutely right. I, I agree with that too.

Speaker B: Yeah, Sarah, the last, the last review I did, um, the person asked me if I could do a review, and, um, they sent me a text message. And basically, while they were standing there talking to me, I received the text message. I just had to click on that. It was a Google review, went straight over. About the only thing I had to remember was the person's name, and then I used a, just a, voice-to-text message, and I just, took me 2 seconds, said fantastic, experience, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Her name was Angela. Angela was really great. Um, I'd recommend, other people come along, and then I made it a 5-star. That took me like a fifth of a second, and the fact that it was immediate, that I was standing beside her, what, once I said yes, that she went bang, and I got the information, I didn't have to get distracted. I did it before I walked out of the shop. That was for me, that worked for me because I'm, as Christo said, I got a million emails and I'll do it later and later doesn't ever appear.

Speaker C: So, and when you did the voice-to-text, is that something that was available within the review process or that was just the way that you chose to do it?

Speaker B: Well, I don't do any text anymore because I'm an old fart. I'm older than you, and my thumbs are sore and arthritic. I only talk to my phone. I use a microphone and I talk to it and use Siri the whole time, and it's pretty well— it gets better as it gets to know you. So I would say that now, after using for about 3 years, I very rarely have to correct anything. It even my pronunciations, it corrects and gets it right. So it takes me a second to do it. That's why. Yeah. And I don't know if everybody does that, but I just— my daughter's 28 and she shoots it like a machine gun, you know, with her thumbs. But I can't be— I'm not as quick as that, so I just use my voice.

Speaker C: And I am quite quick, but I'm so bored of texting. It's just like you talk to your phone. It's a short message thing. Can you bring bread? Not your life story.

Speaker B: Yeah, but do you— do— when you've got the, um, message messages, you got to— I mean, I've got an iPhone, so I assume everyone's got one of those. But when you have a message and you click in where you're going to key the message, down the bottom right is a microphone. Click on that instead of the keyboard, talk to it, it goes straight in. Um, I do it when I'm driving around the car. And my friends find it quite humorous because sometimes it comes out a bit different. But no, I just blast it out.

Speaker C: Yes, I use that. I do use that as well. I just wondered if it was something that was in that review platform.

Speaker A: No, yeah, I think the suggestion of asking, because that's a nice soft way too, and then immediately putting in front of them. Like, whether your approach, Sarah, taking what Owen's just said, if there is some sort of a debrief or like it's the last dinner night, something I'd love to ask you all before we all disappear tomorrow, before I ask is if you could leave us a review, it basically helps us reach more people and have a, you know, create better, more life, you know, memorable life experiences for people. Would you guys mind leaving us a review? They say yes. And you go boom, QR code in front of them. Or you could, if you did have a mass text ready to go, boom, there's the links to leave the review.

Speaker C: Yes, I don't think we have a massive, each trip gets a WhatsApp group because we communicate all the time with dinners at 8, no, it's at 7, we're running late, we're coming, we're late, what do we get? All of that stuff. I could easily use that for that.

Speaker A: So there you go. That's ask is a nice soft way. And then once they've said yes, then hit them, then here's the thing. Follow up. Yeah, because you've got the kind of the law of consistency in progress there.

Speaker C: So it'll work. Okay. All right. Great. Appreciate that. Thank you very much.

Speaker A: Yeah. And I reckon like last night or something before they disappear and you got a little bit of time on the bike, like they can do it right now or whatever, you know, you work that out.

Speaker C: Yep. Yep. I can do that. Cool. Okay.

Speaker A: Thanks heaps. Good, good discussion here with everyone. Yay. Cool. And now, oh, the final question for today. So yeah, with any of that too, Sarah, as usual, feel free, you know, feel free to make changes and create things and send them through for a future session or even like the message that asks for reviews, feel free to send it in so we can have a look. So Anna's question here, Anna hasn't made it because Anna is in Scotland. So Anna, you'll get the recording. And basically questions are for Anna here, the draft of a purpose statement. Oh yeah, she mentioned it would be 4 AM her time, so it must be 4:30 AM right now for her. So that is fair enough that you haven't made it, Anna. The examples, like the, the drafts that you've done, we exist to help people. Oh, so anyone wondering, it's podiatry basically, but wanting to expand purpose statement for Farnham Foot Clinic. And these are 3 examples, but basically wanting to pivot to not just be foot clinic, but to be multidisciplinary clinic. And trying to keep it a bit flexible beyond feet. So, so we know what we're looking at here and draft purpose statement. We exist to help people or you move freely, live confidently, and enjoy pain-free active lives through compassionate professional care that's consistently excellent. Good, but I feel like it's a little bit busy, like a little bit, just a little bit clunky when I read it.. It doesn't really stick with me. Second version, we help you move better, feel better, and live better with expert care delivered with warmth, integrity, and unwavering commitment to you.

Speaker B: Better.

Speaker A: And then the third version, helping you move better, feel better, and live better with expert care delivered with warmth, integrity, and unwavering commitment.

Speaker E: Best.

Speaker A: I like this one the most. The, the third version, it's easy. It just flows a lot easier. It's easier to follow that one as well. What I kind of have done in my notes here, I'm just gonna copy just a little bit of brain dump mess here. Some just for the sake of thoughts, of ideas. Oops. Something like, so the last, the last one I like, it's no, it's no big problem with it. Like, I think it's great, but I'll just help it wondering if, so helping you move better, feel better, and live better with expert care delivered with warmth, integrity, and unwavering commitment. Helping you. This is one thought I had starting it with something like a little detail like this, like helping you move better, feel better, and live with a smile. Just a little, a little detail could work if it works for your brand rather than just live better. I feel like live with a smile kind of says it all and has a good positive little, little feel about it. On that one. And then so it could be that as an alternative as this first line or something like also they're just as, as an option. Our passion is helping you move better, feel better. So basically rather than just helping, could lead in with something like our passion or we transform, maybe bodies is the right word. I don't know. We transform bodies to move better, feel better and live better. Not quite, but get the idea. It could be just some sort of other little lead-in to start with. So our passion is helping you move better, is to, or is to help you move better, feel better, and live better. Or our passion is to help you move better, feel better, and live with a smile or something like that. And then you could, if it doesn't work with this, you could do it like a line break. You know, we provide, or every day we provide expert care delivered with warmth, integrity, and unwavering commitment. So it could be just a little adjustment there as well. On that section. Anyone else, any thoughts as we have a look on this? Let me know for anyone who is here live. Any other thoughts there? But Anna, as you review this, I like this as it is. So it's not that it needs, has to be changed. It's honestly, it's good. Just wondering if we can just throw a little bit more passion in is what I was suggesting there with the passion part. And the smile. And then potentially, if it needs, you know, to flow, maybe putting a full stop and even a little line break here could be a good idea so that it really pops.

Speaker C: Could you start from move better, feel better, and live with a smile and drop the helping you? Because I feel like I want the sentence to pick me up straight away, and those two words, helping you, are something that is delaying the message from getting to me.

Speaker A: Does a little bit, doesn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Helping you move better, feel better, and live with a smile.

Speaker B: So move better. Are these guys podiatrists, or they just, uh, I don't understand what a foot clinic is.

Speaker A: Yeah, podiatrist.

Speaker B: Um, yes, exactly. So could you say step over your pain with us?

Speaker E: Yes, you could. I'm wondering— hi everyone, sorry for being a bit late here, but I'm wondering as well, because of the— as you explained earlier on, Crystal, that this is going to go beyond the food clinic, then I'm also wondering then if the name food clinic is sort of limiting to something much bigger. I'll be also wondering if there was a different name there. I'm wondering if that, you know, those, the statement of the purpose statement would be slightly different because of the variety of professionals that will be coming to the clinic.

Speaker A: Does that make sense? Um, you lost me a little bit with the—

Speaker E: I think, I think, I think when you said it's at the start, it says foot clinic. Yeah, but it looks like that the aim is to be more than foot treatment support.

Speaker A: Yeah, it is. That's the aim, is to be more than— they're kind of like wanting to expand to provide other services. Yeah. Yep. So that's why they've— that's why Anna's kept it not like sort of higher level, not mentioning feet specifically. Yeah. Yeah. Um, Owen, what was your— what was your step over the pain or something? Step over the pain.

Speaker B: I guess that might end up a bit footy. Yeah, step over your pain with us. Like a good tagline.

Speaker A: Pop that there for you, Anna, so you have it. Well, that's just as an option. I think what we have here, like, this is great, but have a look. And obviously when you review the recording, it's got to sit right with you. So review the recording with this feedback. And definitely I'm liking this last one as the one to sort of like, if you know, a couple of little minor tweaks to it, but it's pretty much there already. But that one's the one to work with and feel free to make changes and resubmit for next week. Even if you, you know, if you can't make it 4 AM, that's again, that's fine. Or throw it in the online members website. You could throw it in the community chat, like, newsfeed kind of bit on the members website and feel free to tag me and you can say, hey, @Kristo, do you, you know, what do you think of this version if you've made any changes or if you want to put in a version like, hey, A and B, what does everyone like here the most, version A or B? And it makes it easy for people to comment and give feedback. Feel free to keep it moving that way. Any other thoughts from anyone on this one before I move along?

Speaker E: The only thing that came to mind here, perhaps just thinking about that bigger picture, something along the lines that there is there is more than one part supporting you, as in a sense there'll be more than one— no, there'll be more than one, just one person in the clinic there. There'll be various. So yeah, so yeah, and I guess that goes— yeah, thinking about the bodies that they know that it's a facet of the same thing. You come to a clinic, though, you have a bit— no, more than one person to be able to assist you there. In that space. So yeah, so that was the thing that came to mind at the moment. Yeah, that there's more than one part to support you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Be aware to expand on the message to get that across, you mean, to make sure to allow that to come through. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: That's just good, good considerations. And you could start like a, there's just a, like, you can call it mission even though it's like or something like that. Our mission, um, is to help you move better. You know, our mission is to help you move better, feel better, and live with a smile. Or, you know, every day we help you, help people move better, feel better, live with a smile. Our passion is to help you move better, feel better. Yeah. Yeah, cool. Assisting is another word for helping, like another way to say helping. I don't know if that would resonate, Anna, as well. Our mission is to, you know, or empowering or something like that. Our mission is maybe not empowering. I don't know, it's not quite the word, probably because it's sort of like Healing.

Speaker E: Um, yeah, thoughts. A little, a little thought came to mind here. Uh, our mission, our mission is to understand what supports you live better.

Speaker A: I don't know. Cool. That's good. It's good, good. Any thoughts are good thoughts. It might trigger something within, you know, Anna as she's watching it back.

Speaker B: Thanks.

Speaker D: Thanks, Fran. I'm not sure if it's 100% correct, maybe like enabling because you're helping them to bring it out of themselves.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Enabling you to move better, feel better, and live with a smile. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good suggestion. And probably time to get on ChatGPT, see a few options, but this is good. Yeah, I like it. I like where we're going. And I know, as I say, for you, it's ultimately got to sit and feel right for you as well. It's sort of like the guiding statement for the entire operation. So make sure it feels right for you and let us know so we can keep things moving forward for you as you review later.

Speaker E: I think if there was the word expert, I would perhaps— There's expert there. Yeah. Yeah. I Yeah, because, because of everything that is out there these days, there's a lot of, a number of people claiming to be expert, but when you dig down a little bit, it's a bit like, oh, where's your expertise? Kind of like, did you find ChatGPT and bring along? So I think it's sometimes, yeah, I don't know if I guess back on the day perhaps would be, but, but I'm not sure today how that would, would, would, uh, you know, if that would, you know, I don't, I don't know.

Speaker A: I get, I totally agree with you on, I think on like knowledge products, you know, like everyone online is an expert on this and that and everything else. Everyone on Instagram is a health expert, but, but with, you know, no qualification, whatever. But I think in this sort of industry where there is a professional service being provided, I, I don't mind it actually. Do you know what I mean? It's like, it's a little bit different than someone. Yeah, but I totally agree with you. Don't overuse, especially with like, well, in knowledge type products or things. Yeah, I bet in this sort of service where they, you know, train professionals, I think it's fine. I think it's good. Good mention though. Brilliant. Awesome. Well, I think that might be our feedback for Anna. And, and then she had a couple of other questions just that were resolved, but I'll just mention them in case it triggers any interest to anyone else. So Anna, for you, you also asked about, I mentioned a culture book. So we have a culture book at Basic Bananas, which basically is like the, how we communicate. It's like our expectations for the team. It even has examples of, like, the language. I'll quickly grab and show you a printed copy. So we have, we have digital versions, but just to give you an example, we have, like, a printed kind of book with a little hardcover, and it's basically, like, it's for internal use, but it has, like, team things and activities and stuff that we do, communication tools we use, some interesting things like basic Bananas vocabulary and, you know, like have fun, our shorthand, absolutely easy, just so it's sort of like this is how we talk and how we communicate. So when we have team members, if they're overly professional, it's like, hey, this isn't our style. Even comments like, you know, like no blame, no, you know, no gossiping, you know, and everything and being supportive of members and everything else. And I mentioned that and so Anna wanted to see it or get a copy. So Heidi has emailed it to her. So if anyone else does want to see that or get a copy basically to maybe adapt and create their own, that's totally fine. And then also Anna asked about, she watched one of the masterclasses on outsourcing that we have on the members website and wanted to know basically about getting virtual assistants. So getting a virtual assistant to employ And so Heidi sent the link of who we recommend for getting, if you want virtual assistants, especially if you want like team members say in the Philippines and so on, you, we can give you an intro. And also one thing which Heidi didn't share, if you're getting, depending on where your virtual assistants are, I've also got this document, which is something that we use ourselves, which are basically test tasks. So if you're gonna get someone in the say in the Philippines as a virtual assistant. Reason being is obviously because the economies are different. So you might pay $300 a week for them to work and they're stoked and you've got a full-time team member at a fraction of the cost of having someone in Australia. Now what I do first and when we do that sort of recruitment recruiting from the platforms, from a job sourcing platform which we'd recommend, we then they say here's the top 3 applicants who we recommend. Then I'd say cool, can you do these test tasks for us. So it's basically like, because we want to see that they can communicate, that they can, you know, think on their feet a little bit. So if anyone is recruiting virtual assistants and Anna for you as well, if you want this, let us know when you watch the recording. Just let us know and we'll send you this. So basically it's like some test tasks like, hey, can you respond to these 3 emails below? And it sort of paints a scenario. So we have a special offer coming up, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, here's what someone said. You gotta say, provide the response as a Basic Business Team Member. Imagine we sent out an email and forgot to attach something and someone sent back this, you know, how do you reply? Sometimes people ask for directions and da da da. Can you basically look it up and find the answer? They have to kind of do a little bit. Please have a look at our social media and create 3 posts that would sort of fit our style. And research 2 brands that have managed to change their brand perception. Here's what brand perception means. So slightly different tasks so we can get if they can have customer service and they can also kind of think a little bit, you know, and think a little bit creatively. So I just thought I'd share that as well. And I imagine you're gonna want that. So you might, you might wanna do that. Well, I would send that to the, the top 3 applicants, which they'll provide to as test tasks before you employ. And then even by giving them the test task, you see how quick they reply. And if they're really on board with it, you might send it to 3, and one takes 2 weeks to get back to you, they're already out kind of thing. You get the idea.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: There you go. And if anyone else wants those resources, just let us know. Awesome. And otherwise, it's a big thank you for today. Awesome work. So thank you to everybody for being here and your input. And obviously just being here for yourself to hopefully you've taken something from today that you can apply yourself to make life better in business. And anything else for any questions, fire away for next week's advisory board and in the online community as well. And enjoy your day. Well, what's left of it for most of us and the whole day for Sarah. Productive. You've got a bit of business done already and it's It's early morning. You've got the whole day in Greece ahead. The rest of us are already tired. The rest of us are thinking it's too late in the day for a coffee again now. So damn, I've got to— what am I going to do? I've got to get through, get up, have a quick 10-minute stretch. Countdown till bedtime. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, thanks to all again, and we can all say goodbye over the top of each other. Feel free to come off mute.

Speaker B: Right. Thank you.

Speaker C: Have a good one. Thank you. See ya.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Bye.

Speaker E: Thank you guys. Bye.

Speaker B: See ya.