Speaker B: And as always with Advisory Board, I'm just going to share my screen so you can see it. Feel free at any point in time to jump in. Always your thoughts, experience, any opinions even are great. Sometimes you don't have to have necessarily experience in regards to something we're referring to because an opinion might be like a customer's opinion as well. So it's good to jump in and There's no right or wrong or good or bad on any advisory board or any basic banana session at all. It's all about helping one another and always more brains are better than, you know, one or two. So there's no judgment on any thoughts or any ideas or anything like that. Just feel free to jump in and throw them out there is how we roll. Vanessa, you had the very first question which came in. I think because everyone's been on break. Oh, Heidi put us in a nice slide there. Welcome back. Happy New Year. Step into the new year. Thank you for being part of this community. See, I don't even know what's in the— she just sneaks it in there. Here's to fresh starts, shared growth, and another year together, um, from us, of course, the whole team. Um, so the agenda, the questions that have been sent through, uh, Vanessa in regards to product launch, uh, Beth, who's not here yet anyway— Beth is in the US, so, um, time can be a bit of a challenge for advisory board for her, but that's all good. Uh, and Tina, who we've not seen yet. Tina's based in Perth. I'm not sure if she's not here yet either, but either way, we'll roll through in this sequence. And if anyone else has anything you want to discuss, just, you know, throw it out there as we go. We'll roll through these questions first. Vanessa, yours is kind of a bit more of a discussion, right? You were wanting to discuss a product launch and you've—

Speaker C: Yes. So if I can take one sec to just give a bit of background, I had in my head that I sort of was November, end of November 2027, my business was able to launch because I thought I was still under a non-compete. In my conversations with Kevin in the lead-up to joining Clever Bunch, he actually asked me the most important question anyone had asked me last year, which was, well, what does your non-compete cover? And I went and reviewed the whole thing. It turned out my non-compete had finished in November 2025. So all of a sudden I had this 2 years of waiting that I didn't have anymore and went, oh my God, that's the most exciting thing that's happened. But now I feel I was doing this really slow burn, but I really want to amp it up a lot quicker now that I have the space to do that.

Speaker B: And so you had 2 years to get it done and now you're late.

Speaker C: Yeah, I know. I mean, so that's amazingly exciting and it gave me goosebumps when I realized, but now I'm kind of like, oh, you know, I don't actually have to wait. I can get going. And so I'd enjoyed the conversations I'd had with with Kevin just in general. So I reached out to him about, you know, did he do sort of some one-on-one time just to work on this specific thing with me? He suggested I maybe bring this to advisory first. So I'm really just sort of like, I don't know how advisory works. I haven't joined one before. So I don't, I don't know sort of what to ask or how to phrase this, but essentially what I need to do is to give my product a proper shape. I want to start at the lowest level, which is the freebie, up to the highest level product there is and sort of see what that hierarchy looks like and then basically give myself a timeline that's committed to launch these products and, you know, have them in the market by the end of Q1, which I think is what I would say is end of March. So I'm just sort of like, where do I start? How do I do this? How would advisory help with this? And, you know, am I actually better maybe talking to Kevin about some one-on-ones. I don't know. Help.

Speaker B: Are you okay to share what the products are? Just an idea.

Speaker C: What the products are? Sorry, I'm not quite clear yet. So Valora Collective is around helping women in business. We have this little code that we call SAFM, which is Smart as Fuck Financials and Mindset. So obviously I don't want to be swearing in my business all the time, but that's the little secret code that we, we live by. So I have a background working in finance and I want to bring that financial aspect to women in business a lot sooner than they might otherwise feel that they need to think about that because it's such an important foundation. But the other thing I really want to bring is, is that collective group, a safe space where people can discuss what's going on in their business or like me when they're trying to build their business just go, I need a safe space to go and download and get some wisdom back. So that's the two parts of Valora. And I really just need, I guess, a framework to put in place to go, these are the products, which product will I focus on first, and then bring that to the market. And I think once I get going, I remember when I first started playing soccer, it took me so long to get my first goal. Once I got my first goal, the second one came pretty quickly. So I'm kind of figuring this is the same thing. This is the hardest part. And then I'll get that first goal and the rest will just flow from there.

Speaker B: Cool, cool. Awesome. And this is, it's definitely something you can like work through because there'll be multiple parts to this. Like what I'd say sort of is you create a bit of a timeline, work out where you want what to happen, almost working backwards a little bit. Like if you've said March is the launch date, then work backwards from there.. And there's gonna be a bit of nutting out, like, what is it? Like, cause I, I know you're saying products, but I'm assuming it's probably like kind of hybrid product service, inventory style. So, so that needs to become clear if that's not clear already. Yep. And the way advisory board works just as a, at a high level is we can assist with all of that. It's obviously just at these set times. So you can send through anything. It's not like you can send one question once a month or anything like that. It might be like, can we look at the, you know, the timeline, the overview of everything? These are my ideas so far. And then within the timeline, there'll be the specifics of what needs to happen. So there might be like, you know, let's say a strategy is getting in ladies groups on Facebook and promoting blah, blah, blah, you know, like we'll go, okay, what do we do there? And not out the step-by-step specifics. So the, I guess the, the advantage of doing it on an advisory board is we can look at it, we can look at things word for word, we can look at the real specifics. Um, and just sort of like, walk through it to make sure it gets done. And then you can look at things over and over again. So it might be in another 6 months' time, let's go back and look at that launch strategy and redo that or that or that, you know, things can be continually reviewed. Yeah. Whereas I guess if you could also like doing something like one-to-ones with Kevin would be an added benefit on top to kind of get things out of your head and move quicker, for example, if you wanted to. So it is, of course, a lot of members do, do coaching plus a part of Clever Bunch. Or we have some long-term members that are part of, like, have done Clever Bunch, they're part of Genius Bunch, which is what comes after Clever Bunch, and they're also still doing coaching as well. Just because they want the extra one-to-ones as well, or they might be kind of doing more on their mindset and the one-to-ones and prioritizing and things like that. And then they might be using the Clever Bunch and advisory board for real specifics. Like the kind of how-tos. So it's totally up to you. You could, we could roll with it for now here if you want. Like what I'd say today. So yeah, a couple of questions. That was one of my questions is, is it other, have the products taken any shape in your mind yet at all? Like, is it, are you thinking it's like a, like, is it like a mentoring guidance or like a do-it-yourself kind of like learning courses online where there's video resources or—

Speaker C: Yeah, I don't want it to be a self-paced online delivery course, mostly because I feel with this, the feedback from doing that will actually— it'll fall on me, the perception, or Valora. It'll fall on the perception of Valora, actually, how well someone is within themselves at doing a self-paced online learning module. Like, if there's 10 modules and they get through 1 and then they stop, they're going to go, well, Valora was crap. I got got nothing out of it. In actual fact, if you didn't complete it, but in the market, the market would come back and go, well, I didn't get anything out of it. I don't want it to be that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So what do you, what is it? Yeah.

Speaker C: So the two things I've thought of at the bottom of the hierarchy is what I'm gonna call CFO on a page, which is almost like a page broken up into, I don't know, 3 sections, 6 sections, which would just have some key things on it that could either be that really low-level spend or that free item just to get people thinking about the financials in their business. One thing I did want to do, and this is not necessarily in the product, but to onboard someone was to give them like a Google survey so that I can get some feedback about where their head is. And then, and then tailor what they need to the various aspects of finance and mindset that I would offer. The way that I wanted to frame the offer is almost like when you go to a Chinese in your food court and you get, you know, 2 dishes with rice, 3 dishes with rice sort of thing. The with rice will be getting your tax done because getting the tax done is the hygiene in a business. Everyone needs it. If you're getting that done as you're with RICE, then you're not having to put your information elsewhere with anyone else because you've already invested in sharing information with Philora. So that's the with RICE. And then the Google survey would guide the recommendation on extra, what I think, you know, based on the responses to those questions, that, um, that business or that person might benefit from tackling first. Um, I do want it to go right up to, um, you know, a, a, an, an inner circle collective mentorship type program, which is probably what I'd consider the top tier. What I wanted to do pre-launch was to offer one in-person and one online group a foundational membership, which would be a really, really heavily discounted membership that'll sort of help me, um, get going and actually run a couple of these mentorship groups and then know what to do better next time. So really low-level entry point. I just obviously have to pick my participants really carefully that they align with my ideal customers. I thought about making it zero cost, but I don't want people to feel like there's no value. I just want it to be a really low-level entry Lifeline membership just for the foundations. Yeah. And online and in person because that's how I'd ultimately like to run those collectives. That's as far as I got.

Speaker B: Okay, this is good. This is good. What I'd suggest to do as well, just as a bit of a brain dump, take your time on it and process is like list all the ways like so that you might be able to assist. And so I mean like, 2 different thoughts, like one is in like the kind of like platform, like so one way I could assist would be like PDF resources. One way I could assist is in the, on face-to-face meetings. One way there could be a member site, there could be a members group, there could be meetups like, so you list all the ways you touch like monthly webinar, whatever. Different sort of styles of delivery, if that makes sense. And then another kind of list is all those kind of, I guess, main meals that you can put with the rice. So they're kind of bundled up because what we want to try and do when, from marketing, well, marketing and sales perspective with any service like this, we want to make it feel as tangible as possible.. So we want to be able to kind of like see, oh, there's the menu, there's the structure. So it's like the Clever Bunch. You buy the Clever Bunch, there's a start and a finish. There's a program. You can kind of see what you're getting. Whereas if we said, hey, book in with Christo for some mentoring, you'd go, ah, do I do 3 months? You know, and I'll start with that. Or do you know what's the minimum I can start with kind of thing? It's all blurry. So we're trying to make a, it's like a service, right? It really, but we're trying to make a service as, as as products, like tangible as possible. So just for now, like what I'd say is you kind of do those couple of lists and then try and create a bit of a, almost like a timeline. Okay. How, what is there, is there a sequence where it all really makes sense? So first things they do the survey, then we do the work out the rice as their first step. Then in month 2, we're doing rice plus beans. Then we're doing beans plus what style of meat are they having? And it all runs over, you know, maybe it's 6 months.

Speaker C: So basically that's sort of like the customer journey potentially.

Speaker B: Yeah, the full customer journey sort of structure, almost like just basically how you, the customer journey for how you deliver it, if that makes sense. And then because it'll just give you more, a little more clarity. And then that's the, this is just really nutting out at very early stages. So just getting it out of your head, the, the actual offering. Sorry, I'm home. That's my dog Lenny. Did you guys hear that barking? Oh yeah, I'm down. Cleaner's here as well. It's all happening. So the, so get those worked out and that's your actual product offering. The other side of it, total different thinking, is the marketing of it. So that's where we kind of, where I started when I said, okay, pick the date and we work backwards. So there's gonna be the, the marketing and it should be good to create a timeline for that as well. So, and if for now it's okay, you can basically start with, because for us, for advisory board and these sort of things, even if you have scribble on paper or you go, hey, this is a launch date, where do I start? We can start to nut it out with you or you say, look, this is when we want to launch. And then we can kind of work backwards and go, okay, what have you got so far? You got the website? What do you got? Could we run an online free session to promote it? What other things like, so we kind of create a little bit of a timeline. You might have some ideas already of things you, you wanted to do there, but that's kind of like how we just start initially. And then we can get into the specifics of looking at the timing with you and, you know, and everything else and the details of like each step along the way because obviously, have you got in terms of current brand and things, is there website, is there offerings, is there anything set up at the moment?

Speaker C: Not yet. In the next, in the next 2 weeks, I hope to be able to completely answer differently to that and go, yep, it's, it's all there. So I'm working on that at the moment.

Speaker B: Yeah. So that sort of stuff, keep bringing to us as well. So that's, that's just like, don't, don't be, you know, afraid to send through for these sessions. Hey, look, here's my purpose statement, my logo draft, a scribble on paper. We can look at specifics. These sessions like what we're doing now is kind of like a brainstorm. What you'll find most members do on these sessions in the next couple of questions, which I'll go through after, after yours, is real specifics. Like sometimes it's like, hey, here's a piece of marketing collateral. Can you look at this? What can I do better? Or this versus this. So feel free to do either or, like, you know, brainstorming, or, you know, you might have very specific things as well. So that'd be really helpful for you as you forming the brand.

Speaker C: Okay, that's given me some, some good steps. And, you know, thank you for clarifying that it's sort of okay, I guess, if I come back each week and go, let's look at this this week, if that's okay, and things like that, just until I'm, I'm there. Because, you know, I think this is probably a period where I need a bit more intensive support than I, than I might a little bit down the track.

Speaker B: And you, and don't, the worst thing I, I like, I don't like hearing is like people saying, oh, just, I'll send it through for advisory board, but I've got to get it right first. I'm like, that's why we're here. Like, send the scribble, send the scribble. Like, let's get it right the first time. Don't go off and have someone design it and then come to us and go, hey, here's what I'm thinking. You know, it's like, well, then we're reworking. Like, the best thing to do is send us literally a Word doc with a couple of headlines or like a scribble on paper, you know, like, and just to get started. And you can draw it if you like, you know, and then we go, okay, cool, this is looking good. Or, here's an idea and it can be a bit jumbled up. You might say, here's an idea from a purpose statement. Here's an idea for a workshop I want to run to promote the thing. And, you know, because things will happen, you know, a little bit all over the place when you're first getting set. That's all totally fine. And the same with recommendations. If you, you know, if you want a recommendation, hey, so anyone to build the website or to do something, we've got a lot of awesome members in the community that implement different bits and pieces or recommendations for anything, we're more than happy to suggest people as long as we have someone we can refer and trust.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Thank you. No worries. Did you, you didn't, did you make it to the first session in December? Did you make it to that clever bunch?

Speaker C: I did. I was woefully underprepared because I think I'd literally signed up 2 days before it when some people had sort of been waiting 6, 8, weeks to join. So I did jump in and I came back just with my mind blown. Okay. But yeah, I did make it into the session.

Speaker B: So all good. Yeah. Cool. I thought you, it was close. I personally dropped your—

Speaker C: Oh, that's right. You dropped off my pack.

Speaker B: Yes. Yes. I dropped it off. So that's session 1 and also session 2. If you wanted to kind of like power ahead a little bit on the online resources on the member side, A lot of that is, is like business setup because even if a business has been running for 100 years, we still start with those, those first 2 sessions are a lot of like back, back of house kind of brand and setup. So that's really beneficial for you at the moment, those first 2 sessions to help with getting everything set.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. I think the next one's in a couple of weeks. So that actually gives me a couple of weeks to see what I can stick my teeth into. From those two sessions and from this conversation to, you know, get, get a bit of a push forward there.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. I reckon by next week, see how you go, but as a minimum, try and give me, for this, for next week's advisory board, like a bit of an idea of like, here's all the inclusions of all the sort of platforms, like those lists I said, and I could deliver it a bit of a, a draft of even health programs or whatever you would call them, like products could look just very, very rough is fine and very high level is fine. And then here's a little bit of a rough kind of like marketing timeline. You might put in a couple of ideas along the timeline for marketing it or not at all because then we can really start to rip into it. Did I just freeze?

Speaker C: Sorry. No, I could hear you talking. You didn't stop. The voice part didn't stop. I don't know if the video did, but Frozen.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. So there's a bit of homework for you to get.

Speaker C: Okay, that's good. That gives me a place to start, which I think I was just like, I've gotta, I've gotta throw this dart and it's gotta land somewhere. So that, that helps me a lot.

Speaker B: Thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. And you're in the right place. Like just roll with it and trust the process we do. It's exactly what we've done all our, even ourselves, Basic Bananas, like similar thing where we create these, you know, mentoring programs. I think similar, model that you'll be creating. Yep. Cool. Awesome. Yay. There you go. Run away. You're underway anyway. Thank you. No worries. If anyone else had any, any words of wisdom they wanted to chip in there as well for Vanessa, feel free to jump in. Otherwise, what I'll do is I'll, I'll jump to our next question. This one for Beth. Beth's not on the session today, but she's had a a draft of a— so Beth, you're listening to the recording. So Beth does recruitment, but then this is another offering, like a website, which is basically like concierge service for finding your role. So different positioning. So for finding your kind of like dream career role. So for the individuals rather than the business looking to recruit someone. If that makes sense. It's kind of like working with the individuals as well. So draft of a website has gone up. Beth, I assume you're gonna be listening into the recording, so we'll roll through feedback I had here. For everyone on here, feel free as well to chime in. Typically what we look for when we look at a— pull up a website is where do your eyes go? Like within the first couple of seconds, where do your eyes go? So what do you see? And within just the first kind of like even, you know, 5 seconds, what do you think they do? Because we're all so fickle when we're online, that's as fast, that's how quick we want things to happen. We want the eyes to go to the right place and we want people to know what we do within the first kind of 5 seconds that they're, they're on there. So as soon as they glance, now looking at this for me, Is it time to step up? Good catchy headline, but it doesn't really say anything about what it is. So for me, that one, your most important text on the entire website is this. Is it time to step up? So that needs a rework, needs to be changed, that one basically to connect with the individual. There's a, your experience isn't the problem, your positioning is. I like this, but it still needs to be more clarified upfront with the bigger text. It was somewhere there, your career handled with care and strategy. So these are more clear. And this text down here was actually really good because then I have total finding the right role requires more than a resume or coaching sessions. It requires clarity about where you fit, strategic targeting and aligned roles and the material that you communicate value quickly. So this is all really good. It becomes super clear. But yeah, this headline in the, the, you guys have probably heard me quote David Ogilvy before. He's considered the grandfather of advertising and he was always famous for saying 5 times more people will always read the headline than any other text. And he would always go on to say, you've spent 80 cents of every dollar just on your headline. Every advertising dollar, 80 cents goes on the headline, like just the absolute importance of the headline. And so this headline needs to be changed basically to something that, you know, it could be as clear as, you know, looking to find your next dream career or your next role. There was a section down here Where is it? Here, something like this, but a lot shorter, whether you're, you're early in your career navigating change, managing a layoff or considering your next senior move, our approach adapts. So basically it could be something like where it summarizes, you know, you know, adjustments in your career or changing your career, whether you're navigating layoff or considering the next move. We adapt, blah, blah, blah, you know, like something that's just really clear about what the thing is.

Speaker A: I like the stillness of the next— what the next scroll down to. I cannot read that with all of the movement going on. I can't concentrate on the words, but then as soon as you scroll down, I feel like I've got time to read.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, it is the moving with the almost a little bit, well, grayish image moving with white text. It's hard, isn't it?

Speaker C: It is a bit hard. Yeah, the shadows make it sort of hard for me to focus on anything that's in that first screen. My eyes first went to the blue box up the top, and then I sort of had to squint a bit to see what was in it. It didn't go to sort of that headline in the white text at all.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So image, maybe it doesn't need to be scrolling like, like, I mean, video playing like that. It is a bit, I agree. It's a bit sort of dark image as well in a way, isn't it? It doesn't, it may be better to have something like gangsters walking to some, isn't it? What I reckon might be a better image here would be something that shows So, Beth, when you're listening in, what I think a cool image would be, would be something, even if it is a stock image, because I know you and your team work remote, but try and make it look like a real image of you. Like, once we get down here, this is great because suddenly we see there's an actual human behind the business. This is what we call humanizing a website where you actually get human faces and touch because everything's so faceless. Like, this could be an AI-created website and no one even knows if there's a real business behind the thing or not. So if you had an image at the top here with that looks as non-stock as possible, maybe it's just static without them moving and get, make sure if you do have something that's like white text on a kind of light background like gray or something that there's like a gray overlay behind the text or something like that. So it's really clear to read. Yeah, I wouldn't, they, our, like the, the whole in marketing too as well, but they say as soon as you put text on a colored background, the, the, like, what do you call it? Like the readership or like the understanding from readership, it drops to 40% as soon as it's on a colored, like, as soon as it's not black on white or white on black. Whether it's true, obviously gets worse with the most, the more similar the coloring. So yeah, that one, the whole headline, I mean, whole kind of hero image area at the top here needs a bit of a rework. I also think this logo looks a little pasted. It's good, you need your logo, but it looks like just because of the blue rectangle background, it kind of doesn't really fit with the design. It just looks pasted there and the E's a bit hard against the edge of the blue background. So maybe you could get a version with that transparent instead of a blue, dark blue background. Get the, get the background transparent and just make sure there's either a little black kind of outline on the career concierge text or dark blue. So it's easy to read. And I think that would make it just blend in a lot better too. There. Yeah. Let me just check what else I had here too. Cool. Yeah. So yeah, this body copy I liked, that was great. These were all good, these little box sections, they're kind of there. Yeah. And I like the message from this. So I think reworking this to create a big headline at the top would be a good move. Like a short version of that basically as your very top headline. And then one other thought for the homepage is to bring, I think on your services page you have some testimonials. So it'd be good to bring just something like this little testimonial like that. Even this kind of section, this blue bar here with a testimonial on it, it would be good to have that on the homepage as well. Even if you replicate the same thing, that's okay. If you've got different ones, even better, but it's all right if you bring the same one across. And then something on the services page I've picked up as well. Oh yeah, these, see these pictures, even though they're like, funnily, like in my opinion, these pictures are a little, like this one's a little dark. They're not like super, super duper sharp, but they actually look more real. It looks like real team. So this is good. Because it doesn't look too enhanced, too over the top, you know, AI or anything like that. It looks like natural people work. Maybe it is your team. I don't know. And that's the good thing. So these kind of images are good. And that kind of image more throughout the site all over the place, place would be good. This one looks very stock. Cool. Yeah. And that was the thoughts for now. So just a few tweaks, but that homepage and the logo and the headline are the main ones that pops for me. Let me just check the chat here as well, because I think when you listen into the recording, you won't be able to read the chat. It's hard to read the rest with the text. Yeah, and the movement. I agree with the movement. So great. Yeah. Yep. Cool. We've covered it all. Awesome. Thank you to those that jumped in there as well with feedback. And Beth, feel free to make changes, of course, and resubmit as well so we can keep things moving. Tina is not here. Next question's for Tina, which we'll roll through as well. Tina's also sent through, so a couple of parts: website, LinkedIn personal profile, and business profile. These will be good for everyone, the tips on the LinkedIn feedback on the LinkedIn questions as well. On the website, so just general feedback which is asked for on this website. I'll just refresh it so we see what happens when we first load. So, and because Tina, you're not here, I'll roll through my feedback pretty quickly. Feel free to make changes, resubmit, and we can discuss it on a future session. And once again, for everyone on here, feel free to please jump in with any feedback as well. So my first thoughts are the rotator is too fast. So if you actually try to read what's on this rotating banner, you will— maybe some have got much faster than I am, but your complete safety solutions when it comes— because home should always feel safe, protect your business, people, and property. So I'd never get to the smaller text. It's moving too fast. And with any rotating banner like this, a lot of the time a website template comes with like add 4 rotating banners or 5 rotating or 3. And so people feel they need to do it. Whereas I prefer to think maybe you don't want it rotating. Maybe you just wanna still image there. Because what would you really like me to see if especially like let's consider maybe if I'm only gonna see one of these rotating images, which one would you like me to see? And maybe that's the answer. So maybe your business and your people, or maybe your comp— because likely I'm only gonna see one anyway, and it might actually distract me. So I might land here and I see, because home should always feel safe, and I'm an office manager, and I think, oh, these guys are home. I've got 3 other websites open at the moment. I'll check the other ones. And I'm gone. You might have lost me because I might be a commercial, but I only saw the home banner, if that makes sense. So you gotta be really clear, maybe what will be better up here is a banner image would be something static like a still image and maybe you chop it up into 2 parts where it has home and res and commercial, for example, like, so something like kind of like these icons, but maybe it's an image of, let's say, the business and the team or sort of security, some sort of hero image which symbolizes security and so on. And then you have a couple of options on that because like this kind of thing, like residential, commercial, or, you know, or different offerings basically, but just, it might even just be simple text. The clearest part of the, this whole top area is this headline right here, trusted residential and commercial locksmiths in Perth. Gotcha. So I got it. So if my eyes don't land there pretty quickly, I could get lost. Also, Perth is very important because your business serves an area. So if I'm in Perth and I land here and some other website has a nice static image at the top and it says, you know, trusted locksmiths based in Perth. Oh, that one's easy. That's what we want. We've got an emergency right now. We'll call them.. So just to make sure that's super clear. So I'd be moving this kind of headline up onto the top banner and reconsidering what's, you know, what's sitting there. Cool. Yeah, and it could be a, maybe you could get a picture of the team stuff there. So it shows once again, it's a real business or something like a team member with a, with one of the van, you know, a van or a ute or something like that. To show the business is real and you're on the ground. The couple of other thoughts, reading through these ones, these are good. These two kind of icons here with the text, this one's really way too busy. So rethink security, protect, partner, prevent, secure, innovate, integrate, trust, respond, adapt, evolve. Most people when reading text marketing copy, there'll be like 3 things we can take in, be like 3 points we can remember. So if it says protect, partner, prevent, I'd get these are probably all, maybe all of the business values. I'd be trying to reduce that down to like 5 max, ideally 3 points there. If you're just trying to like hit on 3 benefit points like what you've, what you've done there, it's just a bit too busy. This headline down here is, looks like to me like it's purely there for sort of like search engine purposes. It's like SEO. Like if I read that from a user perspective, upgrade, new installations, repair, replace your security solutions. It's sort of jumping from word to word. It's kind of like keyword stuffing, which is good for SEO, for search to be ranking. However, the most important thing always is the user. So if someone, the whole point of SEO is to get someone to the website. Once they're to the website, you want them to have a good experience. So I'll be just trying to rephrase that a little bit so it's grammatically a little more correct, a little more flowing. That one. Cool. These sections are great, shows all the different, you know, I guess sectors that you work with, which is cool. For some reason, government, there's just a tiny little layout issue there. This icon's slightly longer, just caught my eye. The rest of them have like a little white bar at the bottom and government doesn't. So just slightly little tweak there. And then as I click through, if you want on different sections and the menus are good, like they'd all made sense to me as well. You could within different offerings include, and this will just help you with the kind of AI search. So people searching for, you know, let's say locksmith to help swimming business in Perth or something, you know, like just when people do these real specific AI searches, they kind of get into more detail when we do searches with, with like ChatGPT, for example, and then we want them to find your website. So we want the, say, ChatGPT to pull your website as the, as a resource and direct people. So you can, one thing we're seeing a lot that's helping is adding FAQs, frequently asked questions within the different offerings.. So I know you have an FAQ page which has all the FAQs for the whole business, but you could, with the help of AI, create FAQs for, let's say, the, you know, for mining, the mining page or industrial services, for example. So add some FAQs on these specific pages with specific FAQs relevant for that industry. So you might be just adjusting yours to fit and that will help with your rankings in AI search as well. Cool. And then other, just other general thought around the whole website was, or two thoughts actually, one's at, it would be good to have a reviews page. So reviews, because when people are in a buying mindset, one of a common search that we do is Grombeck security reviews. So if I'm pretty close to buying a common search at that point, I might like just search for what people have said about you. So I type into Google, Ron Beck security reviews. If you've got a page called reviews, it'll pull that page up in that search to get those positive reviews in front of me, right at that moment where I'm going through that kind of like decision-making process. So yeah, adding a page with Ron Beck reviews and you could simply, if you don't have like reviews. If you got personal reviews directly from customers, you could pull the reviews across from, say, Google Reviews or somewhere that you might already have. And then the other general feedback was just trying to humanize the whole thing a bit more, like more photos of team, more photos of your office. There's one on the About Us page. I think it's with you, your brother, and maybe that's your dad. I'm not sure. So there's the family. And so that page, yeah, this timeline's epic except it stops at 2014. And it stops with a close. Let's, let's finish on a positive. I think we don't wanna say we closed, closed the June location. That's cool. But it should have, it should go through to today. So a little rework on it. This is super cool. This is cool for everyone to see. Look at that image. The van. So good. And the first premises and then there's the second shop.

Speaker A: I love this. This is great for an About Us page.

Speaker B: It's so cute. Super cool. Yeah, I agree. You could maybe trim up a couple of these because they're sort of like, you know, bought Cottesloe, which is cool. Close Cottesloe. Maybe you don't even need to say close, you know, like just trim a couple of these off. To keep it all the kind of interesting ones. But then a couple of steps would be nice in, you know, 2020, even if it's something like, you know, revamped the premises or like upgraded security systems to include electric locks now or something, you know, like some just little things. If there's, if you're kind of wondering what have we done in the last 15 years, you know, you could just add a couple of in that kind of touch on new innovations and things. And then it would be good to just finish on like today and have an image of the premises or the team or something like that would be cool. So it just has today as a kind of final open ending. But yeah, this, just this image and this page do humanize it. They make it feel like a real business that's really on the ground. And this image for sure is really good. So that kind of thing where you have more images like that, could be team. I'd be doing a little shoot with some team with like with the vans or trucks or next to the premises and so on. Cool. Yeah, that was my feedback for now. If anyone else has any— oh, I didn't check the chat. Let me just check. I've got to go, Vanessa. No worries, had to go. That was all good. She did advise us at the start. I need to leave at 1 PM. No worries, Kat. We're— I'll roll through this feedback and we'll finish right on time. I know a couple of— ah, damn it. I might not have time for your question. Let's quickly go. Let's get this feedback going. Okay. So that's the end of the site. On LinkedIn, some good points to include: the banner on your profile is a good space to use. So typically on a banner on LinkedIn, you could grab something like the same headline on your site. So the one I like there, just something like a on that homepage where it said this one, trusted residential commercial. So a headline like that, so people get exactly what the business is on a banner. The banner image could be similar to the website homepage top banner. So we're trying to align the branding as best as possible. So if someone lands here and they land on the business website, they recognize it's the same brand. So it would have the business logo, maybe the same kind of hero image, same kind of headline. You could include a little snippet from a testimonial where it says, you know, trusted, you know, loved using the, you know, Grondbeck, thanks so much for improving our locks, whatever, like a little snippet from a testimonial can work very well on a banner on LinkedIn as well. The title is good. Just something to consider for a title on LinkedIn is search. So LinkedIn is really well optimized for search engines. So you often might search something on Google and somebody's LinkedIn profile comes up. So you want to include words in there like, once again, locksmith. So I don't see the word, I see security, but you should have locksmith and Perth written in there as well. So director at Grombeck Security and Locksmiths Perth, you know, for example, this title here should continue on to include those keywords. As that will rank and then blend it into your profile. I like the about section. I read through this, this was great in there. You should include those words again. Locksmith should be in there and Perth should be in there as well just to help optimize that for search. The, there's a featured section. So if I just quickly show you my site, so there's a featured section when you're in the kind of like edit mode of your own profile. There's a featured section here which you can add. So I have it directing people to the marketing ecosystem workshop. So basically, you can add a call to action and add an image and some text there, and that will link directly off LinkedIn. So it would be a good idea for that one, for you to basically direct people, add the featured section and direct them to schedule a consultation to upgrade their locks. So similar call to action to what I saw that was on the home, bottom of the homepage. Posting, you can to add more activity because there's no posts and so on. You could take posts from the website because I saw you've got a blog with articles on there. You can copy the same articles and paste them across. So you post those from your LinkedIn and then it'll kind of look like this. So you see I have some posts there. And then final thing is you could ask if you've had contacts, you've done it, you know, had interactions with or done work with or even worked side by side or businesses, connect with the individuals on LinkedIn and then ask them for a recommendation because the great, probably the most powerful thing about LinkedIn is this recommendation section. So if everybody here on this advisory board today could give Christo a recommendation, the recommendations part, there's the most powerful part of LinkedIn. So see if people come here and go, oh, Christo's got recommendations, 29, you know, let's check them and it's, that's real credibility. So worth getting even if you're just starting with one or, you know, two and just building those up as well. The business page, similar feedback, the banner once again, keywords in the about section and the, this kind of title section. So basically the same kind of same feedback. Only other thing too, I just mentioned which is important is you have a decent-sized team. So ask all of the team to do the same thing as what I was mentioning with the— so like if you look at my title here, marketing strategist, so you can see it as like keywords I'm going for. So the first thing I put isn't actually basic bananas CEO or business owner, it's the marketing strategist focusing on keywords. So when you've got a team, you do the same thing. You'd get them all to put like, you know, locksmith at Grundbeck Security and Locksmiths Perth, you know, whatever, manager at Grundbeck Security, director, you know, Locksmiths Perth. So everyone has this kind of uniform same thing. Get them all to do it because that'll give you a lot more chance of ranking in lots of searches. Cool. And that is our feedback. Oh, and Kat's had to run, so I missed her anyway. There we go. Cool. Yeah, that's my feedback for the, for the LinkedIn profile. So did anyone, anyone on here have any questions on that or any other feedback about LinkedIn or anything as I've mentioned? Anything come to mind? Oh, very good. Well, That's our first advisory board. Can you believe it? It's now 2026. Has anyone had to write the date yet with a pen? Twice. I see. I consciously remember each time so far. Twice already.

Speaker A: It's like a struggle.

Speaker B: Achievement.

Speaker C: Yeah. Like, it's not a—

Speaker B: off to a good start. Yeah. Great. Uh, yes. And hey, Michelle. Sorry I didn't get a proper hello at the start. You rolled in As we're underway, hope you're well.

Speaker C: How are you?

Speaker A: Good, good.

Speaker B: Just trying to pick up tips, keep the motivation going. Yeah, of course. Best thing to do, I reckon. Cool. Well, well done everyone for being here and making it through the New Year's break and back into things. And I'll look forward to plenty more to come. And as always, yeah, feel free to jump on these sessions whether you've got a question or not and anything you're working on. Send it through. As I said, there's no question too big or too small or right or wrong. It's all good. Thank you. You're welcome. Well, enjoy the rest of your afternoon.

Speaker C: See you next week. Thank you.

Speaker B: Next week.