Speaker A: Well, what we're going to do is we will first answer the questions. And you know what the good thing was about this session is that it was a small group. There were only maybe 14 people on the session, which made it even better because everyone got their time. Because sometimes we get, we didn't get that many bookings for that masterclass from outside, which is a good thing because then our members got a lot of time. For it. I think the topic just wasn't that popular and maybe the time of the year, it just was, it didn't, compared to what we normally get the interest, we didn't get that much interest in that.

Speaker B: But maybe that's because of the woohoo and business owners are going, oh, don't need it. Whatever. I need something more solid than that, but we had some people in there that I've never seen before.

Speaker A: Yeah, me too. There was definitely the fashion guy, for example, I've never seen.

Speaker B: Dylan. Dylan?

Speaker A: Dylan, he's been lovely. He actually, he messaged the team. He said, hey, how can I get on this 1 o'clock call? Get on it.

Speaker B: That's a no for you, babe.

Speaker A: Well, it's a private club here. We're a bit exclusive. So, excellent. What are we going to do? And then so that people like Catherine and Kyla don't feel like they missed out. Let's see, Kat, Kyla, everyone else was here this morning. You guys are hardcore. So, so that Kat and Kyle don't feel like they missed out, we are, what we're going to do as I promised is we'll first go through the questions we have, the 3 questions, and then I will do a ChatGPT demo on how to use the archetypes. But even the ones that haven't got their archetypes, I'm going to show you how to chat to ChatGPT to get your archetypes. So we'll do that after and I can show you how to build your agent. I think Gavin, you wanted to know and it's So easy. Once you build one, it's like, oh, okay, cool. You build an agent for everything. So here we go. Matt, do you want to ask your question first?

Speaker C: Hello everyone. So last week I put a question to Christo, which was, I'm adding products to my business. So what do I do with the name and stuff like that? It's got Treeguard in the name. He was, pretty straightforward about it. He said don't lose the Kidna name. So this is coming up with some new trading names and broadens our purpose statement and values and tagline. So I don't know if that's too much for you today, Francesca. If it is, that's, that's cool. We can do it, break it up or whatever. Don't want to hold the session.

Speaker A: No, we, I think we can help you with what we can help you now. And, and maybe then you can, you know, go refine and come back. I definitely, I agree. I don't think you need to change from a kid. No, I think you can keep that as the umbrella. So, so how I would look at it in terms of your brand architecture is you have the umbrella brand, let's say either of these. Retention is very popular at the moment. Everyone talks about it because it's so necessary. At the moment in the world we live in. And then you have the Echidna Treeguard as a sub-brand of the umbrella brand. Yeah, because I guess the Treeguard helps with regen, right? So every product that you have will help with regen.

Speaker C: Yeah, every, every product will help farmers deploy regenerative production systems.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Perfect. So I would go with one of these two. I don't— I quite like the shorter one.

Speaker C: Yeah, me too.

Speaker A: Totally an opinion. So let's say Echidna Region is the umbrella name, the mother company. Under there you might have the Echidna Tree Guard, maybe you have the Echidna something else, you know, later on because you're working on a few products.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you might have something else, Echidna something else. Maybe suddenly you have a service too, consulting, you know, Echidna Consulting suddenly, who knows. But it all goes under Echidna region. Okay, I think that's the most straightforward, simplest, best way to approach it.

Speaker C: Um, the, um, the only other question I had about the name is it's probably like a good opportunity if I should— I've had people ask me about the spelling and why I put a K rather than a CH for echidna. Do you reckon I should go to like the, the proper spelling for that?

Speaker A: Good question.

Speaker D: It didn't bother me.

Speaker E: What was the reason that you chose that?

Speaker F: I don't think— I don't think you should. I think it's nice for you to stand out because we know it's Echidna, but it's your brand, it's your name, and it's, it's like unique to you. So that's why I like it.

Speaker G: I love it. I reckon the K is awesome.

Speaker E: I mean, does the K mean something? Is the K part of your story?

Speaker C: For some reason, the, the reason for the K, which is kind of weird, is that the guard had spikes on it, and the K— when I first thought I was going to do a logo, I thought I was going to make the, the, that bit of the K have spikes on it. That's, that's the reason I put K in there, which looking back on it was pretty silly. But yeah, there's no fantastic philosophy behind putting a K rather than a CH. So I mean, I can change it or—

Speaker F: No, don't change it. I personally, I read somewhere and it could have been a basic bananas thing, but I did read somewhere that like companies are creating their own names of things and then, you know, it's becoming yours. And so you know, keep the Echidna with a, with a K, maybe even consider, you know, having a trademark on it. And then that way everyone knows that that belongs to you and that's who you are, and that helps to make you stand out. That's my opinion. I'm not a marketing expert, but that's just from what I've read and from what I can understand.

Speaker A: I'll give you the— I'll give you also the, the opposite opinion. Um, so, and what, what Marilyn is referring to is like, like names like Kleenex, you know. Now when I go to the shops, I say I need to go buy Kleenex, but I'm not buying Kleenex, I'm buying Who Gives a Shit or whatever this brand is, but I still call it Kleenex, right? Um, oh no, Who Gives a Shit— Who Gives a Crap, I think it's called. Who Gives a Crap.

Speaker C: Yes, got shit in it.

Speaker A: Who Gives a Crap. I might launch one called Who Gives a Shit, but I go Buy Kleenex. That's what I put on my shopping list. So that's when the brand suddenly owns the word. In your case, something that is interesting is when people, Kat and Marilyn, put the name in the chat, they actually wrote Echidna with a CH.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: And so sometimes when people are trying to be too clever, I actually have a little bit of a pet peeve about names that are trying to be clever. Like my partner has a company called Allocate and I hate it. It's spelled Alloc. With a, with the letter 8. You know how many times on the phone he has to explain the stupid name? It's the worst name and it's a shitty idea. And so with the Kitna, how many times do you have to tell people, hey, it's with the K, not with the CH?

Speaker C: And, and that's exactly what I said to my Amanda, my wife, the other day. I said, I'm so sick of spelling this bloody thing.

Speaker A: Yes, yes. So I personally, if this was my business, but again, this is an opinion, you can go with K or CH. If this was my business, I would go with CH. So I don't have to tell everyone it's with a CH because every single person in here, 2 people, have spelled it with a CH. Even though they can see it on black and white here that it's with a K.

Speaker H: I didn't mean to do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, you didn't mean to, but you did it unconsciously and everyone will do it unconsciously.

Speaker B: I read it as a— I've only just noticed that it's a K. I've always read it as a kidney with a CH in my brain. That's where it is. I've never noticed that it's spelt badly. I mean differently.

Speaker H: The only thing for me is that it strikes up a whole lot of stuff around echidnas if you start spelling it with the actual name, the spelling of an echidna. And you're so much more than that. It's not about keeping echidnas out or what have you. It's not all focused on echidnas. And if you start spelling it with the spelling of echidna, then there's this whole kind of thing about echidnas. And I know it's called echidna and people might think about that, but with the spelling different, I think you've got a chance to play with that a little bit more. Whereas if you, with the CH, it really kind of pushes it into, you know, about echidnas.

Speaker A: I don't think so, but maybe sit on it. But I would never spell Basic Bananas wrong. I would never spell bananas wrong just to be clever because it would be so annoying. People would go to try and find us Basic Bananas. They would never find us. When people say, hey, go look up Echidna Regen, I'm not going to tell— let's say I'm working with this not-for-profit, I'm on the board, and I'm going to say, hey, check out Echidna Regen. I'm not going to tell them, hey, make sure you spell it with a K. Yeah, there's no chance. I'll say go look up because I won't even remember. I have 2 seconds to remember something. So I think just sit on it. My personal preference would be to spell it right so that people can just share it without going, hey, remember this guy is spelling it with a K. I think you can be clever otherwise. And I don't think it will suddenly, because it's spelled with a CH, bring up more connotation around echidnas because half of us didn't even notice that it's spelled wrong. Wrong. So that's, but again, it's your own brand that maybe you decided you can make it work either way.

Speaker D: However, I did notice echidna is spelled with a K because I do use the software or the database echidna with echidnas echidna. And so since day one, then you put a kidnap with a K, I was thinking, ah, a kidnap.

Speaker C: He doesn't know how to spell.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. So that's right now I'm thinking what they're talking about.

Speaker A: And also Apple computers. I mean, these computers are called Apple computers. It doesn't bother me that they are like, okay. Imagine if they had spelled Apple wrong, it would be annoying. To share with people. Make sure you spell it A with only one P, for example.

Speaker D: And I think, uh, on a similar token, because of the Indian karma— when I say karma, people goes to, oh, with a K. No, with a C. Uh, you still have a, you know, and this one of those little things. Um, but I think I, I can get what Francisco is saying. I think it's Yeah, how many of us will be thinking how to spell bananas or apple or pineapple? It's straightforward.

Speaker G: Yeah, Matt, if you change it to the right spelling, doesn't then that open you up to— because if you change it, if you change the spelling of it, then you're gonna have to do a redirect anyway.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker G: And a redirect from your URL, your current URL, which then opens you up to, well, it could be anything. So if you go down the change your name route, you gotta do a redirect. Well, doesn't that open you up to it can be anything region?

Speaker C: I'm not quite getting you, Gav. Sorry, mate. I mean, I'm gonna have to redirect the current URL anyway. Okay, um, I'm sorry, I'm not— I don't think I'm getting what you're, uh, getting at.

Speaker G: I'm not quite following either, Gav, because I think, Matt, were you last week contemplating doing a— getting rid of Echidna and doing another name?

Speaker C: Oh, well, that, that was the discussion last week. Yeah, and, and, and Christo was very straightforward about keeping Echidna. Keep it.

Speaker G: Yeah, okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, I see what you mean. You're saying you, you're kind of changing it anyway by changing the spelling.

Speaker G: If you're changing the spelling, you're— yeah, you're changing it. Like, there's no, there's no benefit to keeping— there's no—

Speaker C: yeah, sorry, mate, I wasn't grasping it there.

Speaker G: Yeah, I'm feeling your pain, I really do.

Speaker C: Yeah, well, you've been through this.

Speaker G: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: I must admit that the K kind of pisses me off and I often think, why the hell did I do it?

Speaker A: Yeah, I can see why. I can see why. I think it's just a spelling problem that then people have to be told. In the end, I think you as the business owner have to like it because you're the one doing it. You're the one on the phone talking to people. If you suddenly said, I hate the kitnas, then you know, don't have a kid in the name, but if you're like, I freaking love echidnas, they're cool as fuck, they're Australian, bloody Australian, they're, they're like really, you know, durable. I don't know if they are, but you know, whatever it means to you. Yeah, they probably are. So they probably are a great symbol for this company. Then I think that's perfect. If you suddenly said, I don't really like echidnas, then I mean, I don't really like bananas, but the company is Milkos. Basically bananas. So it's, I think it's up to you in the end. We can all say we like this or that. I think in the end you just decide what you like.

Speaker C: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And then did you want some feedback on these other things here too?

Speaker C: Yes, please.

Speaker A: Should we starting here?

Speaker C: Yeah, yes. So ideally the, at least the sort of the tagline and the The purpose statement would be great. If we haven't got time for values, that's, that's cool.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just reading this. I think in terms of purpose statement, the sentiment is good. I think it would just be good to make this shorter, you know, just have a short, a short sentence. And I'm sure you've already used ChatGPT to help you brainstorm. Can you please help me make I would make my purpose statement more emotive and a lot shorter, one sentence.

Speaker C: Okay, so you think it down to one sentence.

Speaker A: Yeah, but then you can still, you know, this is then still about, you know, a bit more about it, this part here. But just, I would, I like to have one short, one maximum two sentences that, that you can keep reinforcing that message.

Speaker C: That's almost down to tagline size.

Speaker A: Yeah, it can be a little longer than, than tagline. Helping farmers regenerate the land with tools built to last. And maybe that first part is not too bad.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: And you can still elaborate. Which one do you like of these? I quite like this. Yeah, me, I like this one the most, but you know your market the most, so I'm wondering what sort of they— what they need. They probably want builds to last, that's a keyword. And then what else do they want? Regenerate, probably.

Speaker H: I quite like the design by farmers as well because that kind of shows that there's been people who know what they're doing and what they need and want. There's something about that that's very appealing.

Speaker A: Yeah, the—

Speaker C: one of the most important messages is that, so we, we know what these practices are, but a lot of times regenerative farming practices are a lot more labor intensive, and the tools have got to help people manage that increase in labor. That's, that's sort of one of the critical things. It can't, and it can't take, you know, triple the amount of time to graze animals just because it's a green way of grazing animals.

Speaker A: So how would you put that in a short statement?

Speaker F: I don't know. Farmers by farmers.

Speaker A: I like, I like the design by farmers bit that Kat highlighted.

Speaker D: I like the one of your first topics in value, co-designing, co-design with farmers. So co-design with farmers to regenerate, blah, blah, blah. Because then I, I think it, as you're saying, it's more of a partnership that you're trying to bring it in and trying to save time and maximize whatever else there. But you are, no, I guess you're trying to build some sort of a capacity with them as well and co-designing together, sort of speaking.

Speaker H: Yeah, this needs to be a little bit, um, is it, is it farmers or is it land owners too, or something like that? Not just farmers, it's people who own properties and things like that who are not necessarily farming but also want to make sure that their land is doing the best that it can do.

Speaker C: Yeah, it, it isn't just farmers.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker C: Um, there's people out there that own land and manage it who don't necessarily produce off it.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker C: Um, and some of the new products they would be able to use as well, and they're looking for biodiversity and that sort of thing.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Um, so Yes, you're right, it's not necessarily just farmers.

Speaker A: So maybe landowners. This one here is probably a bit too woo-woo for the type of audience you want to go for. The soil, you know, restore soil, soil sustainability. I think that's probably a bit too out there for them.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think so.

Speaker A: Yep. But something along these lines, and maybe you add a bit here, but that's pretty much encapsulating the sentiment. Okay. You know, if you— whether you want to add a benefit too, you know, in order to create thriving environments or whatever you want to, you know, you could add a bit of benefit if you wanted to, you know.

Speaker D: Would it be helpful? Because I think there's some great elements about your your values there. I'm wondering if it would be helpful to have that whole section and check on ChatGPT to see, can you come up with the best statement that would just bring it all together? Because I think, I'm thinking here perhaps what's the what's the end product that you're trying to stand for, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah. What, what's rugged? What does, what exactly do you mean by rugged?

Speaker H: Rugged?

Speaker A: It's rugged. Like harsh?

Speaker C: Tough, durable.

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, okay.

Speaker H: Okay.

Speaker A: Lasting. Yeah.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker G: I was thinking something when you're talking, it was sort of thinking about like, you know, the Australian landscape, you know, does that tell a story at all? Um, or does that limit you to the Australian market?

Speaker C: Um, yeah, it, it may do. Um, at this stage I'm not too worried about that.

Speaker H: Yeah, that second one's quite interesting. We help Aussie farmers make regen real with tough, honest tools built together, built to last, and built right here.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, they all got some good elements to it.

Speaker A: Yeah, got the Aussie flavor in it, which people will definitely resonate with.

Speaker F: I like, I like using the word rugged as well because rugged, you know, that is Australia, isn't it? We all know what we, you know, what you mean by rugged. And if it's rugged, then it goes.

Speaker C: Yes. Yeah. There's nothing worse than buying something and it breaking after the first 2 weeks.

Speaker H: Yeah.

Speaker A: I like, I actually quite like this one. It's got a bit of a different flavor in it. It doesn't just, not just, you know, boring. ChatGPT language. It's actually quite your language and your, your people's language.

Speaker H: Would you add in landowners? We help Aussie farmers and landowners make regen real.

Speaker F: Yeah, good idea.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think something like that.

Speaker C: Yeah, okay, I can play with that.

Speaker A: Yeah, play with that, and then I might just go and say I like this one.

Speaker F: I like Australian to the core as well with a super short tagline slogan.

Speaker A: And then, um, we might look at the valleys next time so I have time for the other two questions and also the, the agent because I have a meeting at 2 o'clock. Tagline: built for region, backed by farmers.

Speaker F: Australian-made, farmer-approved.

Speaker A: I like that. That is quite cool.

Speaker F: Yeah, yeah, it's short and sharp.

Speaker C: Okay, thank you very much. That's, that's good.

Speaker A: I like the first one too. The other ones I don't love too much, but again, I would probably now just have a little chat and say, and then it's really just about, you just make a decision, you just go, yep, cool, let's go. And then, you know, maybe in a year you go, you know what, I get the feedback that people like this and this, so I'm gonna adjust it slightly. Yeah. But I would now just have a conversation and say, I like these two the most. Can you come up with 5 more options. So I would just, I would just keep going a little bit until there's one that you, that you like. I do like these two for tagline.

Speaker C: Yeah. All right, cool. Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for your input too.

Speaker A: You're so welcome. I think you have a bit of a game plan here. I'll get Heidi to send you these notes here too.

Speaker D: I'm also thinking as well with that current that you say now, we help. I'm wondering if that would help if we were to consider different word, if that would open up a bit more of a space sort of speaking instead of the help. Anyway, that's just something for you to think about.

Speaker A: Perfect. Awesome. Thank you all for that awesome brainstorm. Sarah, do you want me to flash up the notes that you sent, or do you want to—

Speaker B: can you work out?

Speaker A: So I've—

Speaker B: oh, well, you can if you want. I have got them here because I couldn't remember what I sent in, which is always a bloody tricky bit.

Speaker A: You've got so much going on. I love that you can't remember because that means that you're off your mind, done, next.

Speaker B: Yep, I knew that I couldn't come back to this until today, so I decided to move on to other things. But basically, on this session last week, I don't remember who it was, was talking about, um, um, that he's been playing with ChatGPT, um, and asking ChatGPT to come up with the 4 top companies that would meet the service that he provides. And when he didn't rate in the top 4 companies, he then asked what he needed to do to his pages to make them discoverable in the search. Um, obviously I wasn't in the top 4, um, and so then ChatGPT started suggesting hidden pages And then I was like, shit, man, this, I don't know about, I don't know how useful that is rather than changing all of the pages on my website. ChatGPT suggested some hidden pages where the, they are live and they speak to more simply to the chat terms without so much information. Such as my website pages hold, and the ads go to those pages, and that it can link through to the website, but they— those initial pages are hidden, and that having those pages would allow me to be more searchable But I don't know if that's true and correct now. I'm confused.

Speaker A: Yeah, but what I'm hearing is the suggestion is to add blog posts. So pages. Yeah. And they would be live. I think what it means by hidden, maybe then you can't just find them here.

Speaker B: Yes, you can't find them there, but they are live and active.

Speaker A: Yeah, like landing pages, I guess.

Speaker B: Yes, they're landing pages. So if you go to, um, Guided Sailing Tours and look at Explore Croatia by Yacht, a small group sailing tour, this page has now been changed somewhat. Um, it's much simpler, but now it doesn't hold all of the information about the itinerary and whatnot. You have to click through to get to more information. And I'm thinking of making it like that across the board, but this was a page that ChatGPT suggested. And even it's got more information on it than need be for somebody who is coming through from our ads. Maybe they need it simpler, just a snapshot of information. And then they can click through to more information if they want to. But what do we think about this hidden page kind of terminology and the benefits of it?

Speaker H: I'm sorry, I don't know what that means. You'd have to explain it to me again. I don't understand what hidden page means.

Speaker B: Hmm.

Speaker C: This sounds like a landing page off a campaign.

Speaker B: It is a landing page. Just, I mean, it is a landing page. So I'm building my own. I build everything in LeadPages myself. I don't have somebody else working on my website. So for me, I can choose to have on my website live pages that are hidden from being accessible from my home page. You can't click through them to them from here, but, um, ChatGPT seemed to think that if I increased those landing pages that are hidden from navigation but that hold all the SEO and speak directly to, um, search terms that I could then use ads to land appropriately on different pages, that those pages can then click through to the website, and that, that would then up my visibility in a search.

Speaker A: Yep, it sounds a little bit, uh, Yeah, I don't know if it's necessary. So, so let's talk about hidden pages. So what they are is basically landing pages. So if I, if I had time, what I could do is I could build two separate landing pages about Croatia. Yes. And they are just on a URL, marinerboating.com/croatia1, croatia2, for example. So they're there, but only people with the link will find them. And now I could run ads to Croatia 1 and Croatia 2.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: For example, and I can, I can have one Croatia 1 is maybe a very short page with only a little bit of information to test it. And Croatia 2 maybe has more information on it. I don't know that that's necessary because what I think what you've done here is pretty good because some of us, the ones that are, don't need a lot of detail to make decisions, they'll just read until Maybe here, and then they'll go, yep, sounds good. Book a call. Yeah. Or even book here. The ones that need all the details, they'll read all the details. They'll read the itinerary, they'll read everything, what's included. And that's good. It's, it's, this is like a quintessential landing page that is actually really good. Yeah.

Speaker E: Is it possible that, that they meant to build multiple landing pages rather than just relying on the one that, that you'd basically just— it's kind of like data mining, you know, like you've got create 20 different ones and use all the SEO in all of those and therefore all of those have more likelihood of gathering potential clicks and therefore you've got more catching and feeding to your main site. Is that what what you think they might mean.

Speaker B: I think that that's getting closer, um, maybe. And I just can't remember who was— who said it to me. Was anyone in advisory board last week?

Speaker E: Yeah, it was Rob.

Speaker A: It was Rob.

Speaker B: Yeah, and Rob's been doing some conversations with both Christo and with Kevin Bees and has gone down a rabbit warren along these lines, and he used Mariner Boding in his example when he was trying to explain— when he was giving a little update or something about what he was up to, he, he said something along these lines. And so I haven't done a ton of work on it because I didn't want to miss the point and then waste half my life. So, but this is where this has started.

Speaker A: So what I'm maybe potentially hearing is what, what strategy is that, that is being suggested is that let's say you have, you have 10 different key phrases. One is Croatia sailing tour. One is best Croatia adventure. One is self-guided Croatia sailing tour. One is guided sailing. So there might be 10 of those. And what you're trying to do is to rank for all of those. So, or at least be seen for a lot of those search terms. So what, what is being suggested is that you create a landing page for each of these terms, because that's usually how you rank higher. So if I have a landing page that, that mainly uses the keywords Croatia sailing tour. Yes. And I have this key phrase throughout this page everywhere. Now when I, when I search for that exact key phrase, my landing page will come up. Then I have the other one which says Croatia sailing tour self-guided, for example, and I do another page with that phrase on it. Again, that landing page will come up. So I think that's probably the strategy.

Speaker B: Matt, does that sound like we're getting closer to what Rob was talking about?

Speaker C: Yeah, it does.

Speaker B: It does, doesn't it?

Speaker E: Sarah, I actually took some notes from last week. Do you want me to read you what I've got here?

Speaker G: Yeah, brilliant.

Speaker E: What Rob said, he was saying, so he said that he was doing it where he was asking ChatGPT to, and the prompt he was putting in was saying, imagining he's your ideal, your client. I am a family of 4 and I am looking for a sailing trip to the Greek islands. Do an analysis of websites that would suit me. And then you come up with that list. And then based on that list, you then feed that into GPT and say, write me you know, look at all these elements and say, what are the things I should have in there? And if it's a particular picture or a particular SEO string, that sort of thing. That's what I've been done.

Speaker B: You're on point.

Speaker C: But it's, it's sort of done that for you and it's led you in that direction of suggestions of how to deal with it. So, but it's not suggesting just simple changes to your current pages.

Speaker B: So yes, because I don't want to make changes to my current pages, but I wouldn't mind opening up the search terms that would land on my pages, if that makes sense. So if I had them live and hidden, I could just, I could copy all Croatia page 4 times, 5 times, change the wording slightly so the SEO speaks differently. And then are we saying that that makes me more searchable to Google?

Speaker E: You've got more opportunities for specific search criteria to pick you up. Because you're separating out and creating more buckets to collect those search queries.

Speaker A: That's the way I read it.

Speaker C: Okay. Thanks for the definition, Kat.

Speaker A: So that's good. And that's usually what you do when you run ads. You have, you know, if you have, if you want to test A and B, you have two landing pages that they're not on your website, but you have the URL. Yes. So, so basically what what they suggested. So let's say family of 4, what are some of your key phrases? And then I might say, cool, I'm gonna now build a landing— obviously you wouldn't be that specific, family of 4, that would be totally useless, but could be family-friendly sailing trips. Then you have a landing page that is, that is focused on this key phrase. So then when I, when I pop that into Google, Hopefully your page will come up.

Speaker B: Okay. And I'm confirming that I would not make them navigatable from my website as such.

Speaker F: No.

Speaker A: No. Okay. I can do that. But then again, I wouldn't— look, I would only test this for one offering because I don't know how successful Rob is with this strategy. Because sometimes people do stuff and there's no results, and I don't want you to do that. So, or not enough results for the effort. So if you do try that strategy, I would just do it for one offering, because here, if I, for example, I think a better strategy would be, let's say, let's say I want, I just typed in family-friendly sailing Croatia. Now let's imagine you have a landing page that is mainly talking about this. Okay, cool. You will come up. However, You will come up below everyone who is paying for these key phrases here.

Speaker B: I'm always going to be below those bunch of people.

Speaker A: But a better strategy could be that you go, cool, I'm going to do a Google ad campaign on a low budget and I'm going to do only show up for people who type in this. Because on Google you can say who you want to show your page to. Yes. So these guys here, these 4 companies. They have decided that their ads will show up to somebody who types in this. Yeah. Makes sense. So what would be, I think, a more efficient strategy is that even before you build all these landing pages, I would definitely do a Google ad, $50, even if, let's say, $100, test maybe 5 of these key phrases. And then you might see, you know what, this is getting searched all the time. Now I build a landing page, but you might also see that this here never gets searched. No point in building a landing page.

Speaker B: No. Okay. So maybe I think about doing this for my last 3 cabins for the season, because last week it was 6 and now it's 3.

Speaker A: I know. And that is just so amazing. And you, and in your ad, I would even say last 3 cabins left. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So that's a better strategy than building all these different pages.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. So I'll test, I'll test it on a, on a, on those last cabins.

Speaker A: Okay. There's the Google Ads masterclass.

Speaker B: Yes. I've watched it once. Um, I need to watch it again. Definitely there were two masterclasses and one, the most recent one with your friend, is much better than the older one that I watched a while ago. Yeah, we did. I started Google Ads last week, I think on Thursday, and to be honest, we did these changes to the, um, Croatia page, and then we got Google to re-index me and on just for that page, and that page has gone from page 50 in a search to 34 in 7 days. So, and we're doing the Google Ads going to that page, so I don't know any other reason why it would be working suddenly, but it's something's working.

Speaker A: Yeah, because Google likes it when you spend money with it. And, and Google Ads is, it's a bit of a beast. So just keep it in a bit.

Speaker B: Oh, it's awful. I know that it's preying on me. I feel like it's hunting me.

Speaker A: That's awful. It is a bit of a beast. So I would probably do that instead of creating all these pages. And then what I probably would also do rather than creating duplicate pages with these phrases, I probably would write an article. Okay, which I can do too. You can get ChatGPT and you can publish that on your website under your blog. Have you got a travel blog or something like that?

Speaker B: We used to have a news, but we got rid of it in— we put something else in there because we've only got so much— I've only got so much room on there.

Speaker A: Yeah, but it would be nice to have a travel journal. You know, like a journal somewhere. Call it the journal.

Speaker B: Then I have to maintain a journal, Francesca.

Speaker F: No, you don't. Ask Wendy. She's got one and use hers.

Speaker B: Always done. That's true too. Wendy is a friend of— Wendy is one of my repeat clients and a friend of Marilyn. She's just brilliant.

Speaker A: She's—

Speaker B: anyway, I won't go into sharing client information, but she's brilliant. So I could put something there in that list about us. I could do something there.

Speaker A: Yeah, here, or you have another menu called travel stories or travel journal. It'll be so easy when you're overseas to do a quick ChatGPT, ask ChatGPT, hey, sun is setting, I'm sitting on the boat, everyone is at dinner. Susie just came over and told me how amazing her trip is. Her highlight today was jumping from the boat into the blue water. Write an article for me, please. And boom, travel story done, uploaded. You don't have to maintain it. Don't even worry about saying, oh, I need to do one a week or one a month. Just do it when you feel like it.

Speaker B: Just do it when I want to.

Speaker A: But then use these key phrases. So you might then just go, cool, I'm going to do one article and just say to ChatGPT, now write this story, but use this as a main key phrase throughout the whole article. And that's, I reckon, a better use of your time. Than making the same landing pages with the same offering, trying to adjust the key phrase slightly. Okay, cool. And then that's something useful that you have here sitting on your website.

Speaker B: Yeah. Bring you leads. Maybe I'll just test the last 3 cabins with a couple of extra search term pages. Just, I just really, I would love to leave here shortly with my season sold. That would just fucking rock my boat.

Speaker A: It would be amazing. Be amazing. Um, Gavin, do you want to ask your question? I quickly need to send my mess— uh, my meeting in 10 minutes a message to say that I'm running 10 minutes late.

Speaker G: All right, so just, just quickly, um, and, and quick bit of history. I've just finished a very succinct, simple, um, 5-year strategic plan. And, um, very happy with it. It's been a long time coming. And the next piece in the puzzle is a marketing plan which supports the beginning stages of that strategic plan. And, uh, everything's been really sort of confusing for me, very, very sort of all up in the air. And I've just tried to make this as simple as I possibly can. It's just, I just wanted to, I guess, a bit of feedback on, a bit of validation really is, am I in the right direction? This isn't, I've used ChatGPT a little bit with this, but it's basically about what I want to be doing and where I want to be going in regards to marketing. Obviously, I, you know, with the social media and the paid ads, I can pull it apart a lot more. But guess I just wanted a bit of an overview on, is that what a marketing— is that— does that suffice for a marketing plan? Because it looks good to me. And this is something that's just done my head in for a long time. And yeah, yeah, um, yes, let's see, for a simple view, I mean.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, totally. Um, there's maybe a few other things that I would include, but again, I would probably keep the social media here. The— so there's organic content here, this one, organic content, even lighter, you know, because The organic content, not many people see. So I wouldn't even worry about posting that many times a week because what will give you results is this here. Okay. This will give you results, but this will help you when people come and look at your stuff, they will see, oh, he does, he's in business. But to be honest, even if you posted once to twice a week, you'd be, it will make no difference. To your, to your business, whether you post in a business like yours, if you post once or twice a week to 7 times a week, it will make no difference unless we spend some time here, which you are. Okay, monthly giveaway campaign, boost top performing post. I would also do some, uh, so straight to call to action ads. So, you know, book now kind of stuff. Yeah. And you can just, you know, you could just keep this rolling for, you know, $5, $10 a day. You don't need much budget for a local area like yours.

Speaker G: Yeah. Okay. That's really interesting. So yeah, the big takeaway there was put more effort into the paid ads, way less effort into the organic stuff.

Speaker A: Yeah. The organic stuff is only there so that when people come and look at you from the paid ads, The organic stuff is not going to bring you much traffic anymore. It, I mean, 5 years ago I would have not said that, but now that's the reality.

Speaker G: Which leads me into one of my other questions. Like right now I need the phone to be ringing more to support bringing on another staff member. So I need more leads coming in. I'm in a really good position where I convert 90% of my phone calls. So I just need the phone to ring. Originally, I was— you guys put me on to Patrick from overseas for Google Ads, and I was just about ready to sort of pull the trigger with that. Does— is Google Ads still effective if I'm ranking well on Google organically? So for local Google rankings, I'm sort of right up there for a search term of, say, Newcastle carpet cleaning. Does paid Google Ads, is that a different beast or am I, am I wasting money throwing money at Google Ads when I just don't understand enough about the algorithms of Google Ads? Does it contradict my organic standing?

Speaker A: It would complement it, so it wouldn't contradict. So at the moment You would, let's say, rank for Newcastle carpet cleaning in the top positions. If you wanted to do Google Ads, you could then rank for other things too, like office cleaning Newcastle or best carpet cleaner. And what I would suggest you do though is I would actually go with, I would connect with Flavia, the one that ran the other class, not overseas, she's in Australia, because she can work on, she's really honest, she's a German girl, she's really honest. She's— I met her when I was in advertising, so 20 years ago when I was working in advertising, she was working in a, in a PPC pay-per-click agency, and we hired her for our clients. And now she does her own thing from the hinterland somewhere in Byron Bay. And she's really honest. She, she'll work with you on like 2 hours a month or 3 hours a month to do a smaller project.

Speaker G: For the Google Ads?

Speaker A: Yeah, for the Google Ads. It's not— she doesn't lock you in for like a— with Patrick, you have to sign up for a monthly thing. With her, she might say, hey Gavin, you're ranking really well, let's just do one or two, let's just test this. And she will say, it will take me 2 hours to do this month.

Speaker G: So where is she?

Speaker A: She is near Byron Bay. I can get Heidi to introduce you. You just email her, she'll get on the phone with you. She's super honest. She might even say, hey, it's not necessary, but she probably will test a few things for you.

Speaker G: All right, cool.

Speaker A: So I would do that. Don't lock into a fixed monthly thing.

Speaker G: I've put Patrick off, so I'm not committed there at all. All right. Yeah.

Speaker H: Okay.

Speaker G: That's really interesting.

Speaker A: That's great.

Speaker G: Yeah. So can you get that back to me, what you're just writing there?

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll get Heidi to email, to send these back. I would also highly encourage a lot of Google reviews because you're very popular. When you finish a job, I know that people will love you and they'll go like, oh my God, Gavin, you're the best. Tell them to please leave your Google review. It will make such a difference. And then the strategy that Christo has shared also with you guys is say, let's, let's say I leave you a Google review and I say Gavin is the best in the business. We have him back every week. Then you respond and say, thank you, Francisca. We are so appreciative here. We, we do love cleaning carpets in Newcastle. Just you use your keywords in the response.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. That'll show up. So for a business like yours, Google reviews are so, so, so, so, so important. Yeah. Okay. You have to get them. Posting, I added here posting in Facebook groups. So every community, you know, there will be like a community group for Newcastle, for Meriwether, for all these different suburbs, community groups. So think about what you could do to post something in there. You know, it could be, and at the moment I work with a lot of beauty salons because we have a licensing deal with this company and they're local business like yours. They're doing beauty stuff, you're doing carpets, similar service, you know, different but similar. Yeah, yeah. And so what works for them really well is some of them, they've blown up by just going into community Facebook groups, say Newcastle community, Maryborough community, and they say, hey, it's May now, we have a Mother's Day skin treatment that you can get for 50% off or something. So you could go in and say, hey, this week I have space for 2 more offices or whatever. Happy to, for you to, once I know that once you, you know us, you will love us, but I know you're so honest. I would just speak honest language. I know it's hard to trust people. I want you to first meet me. And so what I'm doing is I'm happy to give you a 50% of the first clean or whatever. Yeah, beautiful. Go post into Facebook groups like that and you will 100% pick up business.

Speaker G: Okay. Um, could I ask a quick question about the magic numbers if we've got time?

Speaker A: Yeah, of course.

Speaker G: Yeah, go for it. Um, with the magic numbers, the, the, um, Apart from the marketing, like around sales, I wanted to start collecting data regarding like, okay, so I've got like, you know, 20 phone calls this week, I converted 18 of them. So I'm starting to collect that data. Also, where did you hear from us? All that data can go into, you know, that's great for the magic numbers, but I want it on a weekly basis. So I mean, can I just change up the top from monthly to weekly?

Speaker A: Oh yes, absolutely. I'm just pulling up the magic numbers. Yes, absolutely. We actually, we do weekly. I think we made it a bit, we made it a bit easier for you guys to do monthly, but we actually do weekly.

Speaker G: I prefer weekly. Okay. So just same, same, exactly the same style as what you've got there. So still running the same way, columns and and rows, but have weekly up the top. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker G: How much for weekly?

Speaker A: All right. Yeah. Last one here. Have you tried Letterboxdrop?

Speaker G: I'm just part of, part of that little marketing plan is the first thing I'm working on, which is my lowest hanging fruit, is the getting all my brochures redesigned. Yeah. So I'm working on that this week and, and I, I've actually got real estate that want my, so they want my pamphlets and they're gonna deliver them for free for me. Amazing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Amazing.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's cool. Yeah. Amazing. So I reckon this is your plan. The major things I would do is I would take it easier on the, cause you got a lot on.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: This is not gonna move the needle that much even though we think it is. Less posting, more investing into doing good creatives here. Posting into Facebook groups, getting Google reviews. It's kind of a separate thing. Website, yeah, all good. SEO, one a week is quite a lot. I mean, I don't even do that because I don't have time. Like one a month. If you can do one a week, go for it. Yeah, go like, oh my God, I'm working too much.

Speaker G: One a month.

Speaker A: Okay, beautiful. Yeah, brochure. And then what I would do is for the next advisory board, or, you know, when you can come and bring your letterbox drop. Beautiful. Beautiful. Because that will, what will make or break this strategy here is how good your letterbox, how good your flyer is. Yeah. And I can say, I can tell you very quickly if it's shit, usually most of them are shit. So if you can come up, you are funny. So if you can come up with something funny, ask ChatGPT to come up with some funny, playful, angles that when I go to the letterbox and I see it, I'm like, ah, this is funny. Finally, not a shitty, you know, photo of a real estate agent in my inbox.

Speaker G: So that funny, that funny, that, that messes with my brand alchemy because like I'm going for the hero.

Speaker A: Okay. You don't have jester. I reckon you have hero and jester. Hero slash jester. Yeah. I would be so sad if you didn't have a bit of jester in there, which brings me to actually this. Yeah, you need to have a bit of Chester in there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because otherwise it's not you.

Speaker C: Yeah. That was my first thought, Gav, when I saw them.

Speaker A: Totally.

Speaker E: I've just called up your website, Gav, and I'm intrigued by your logo. It looks like you've got like a knight's helmet on your logo.

Speaker G: Is that right? It's a Spartan helmet.

Speaker E: Oh, of course. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker E: And you are keeping all of that branding, all the name and the logo and everything, or is that being changed too?

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker F: No, no.

Speaker E: Keeping all Can I be really picky and let you know that your car, which says, if this is still your current car, it says local and independent. It's spelled wrong. Should be spelled with an E-N-T. Yeah.

Speaker G: Thank you. Yep.

Speaker A: I knew that.

Speaker H: Can I just ask, what was the thing about the one, the SEO one a month? No more than one a month or what was that?

Speaker A: No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying no more than one month. I'm saying do, if you, if you have time, definitely do one a week.

Speaker H: Is that a post, a blog post or something? Yeah, that's a blog post on your website.

Speaker G: No, no, no, no. That was a, that was an updating. That was a, that was like a change to Google My Business. So going onto my Google My Business profile and, and either posting a photo or an update to keep my Google My Business profile active.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Oh, and then blog posts, you have biweekly actually here.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker G: So, so that's meant to be fortnightly. The, the, the blogs were meant to be, I'm actually doing monthly at the moment, but I was thinking about ramping up to fortnightly.

Speaker A: If you have time, I wouldn't, otherwise monthly is great. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker G: Yeah, the high priority. That's, that's really cool. That's, that's, that's given me a lot of direction there and it's sort of helping me simplify again, which is what I really need at the moment.

Speaker A: So beautiful. Here's the high priorities. Letterboxdrop, definitely get that done as soon as possible. Come and we'll review it on the, on the advisory board. Talk to Flavia about Google Ads. Yeah, that's cool. Like, you know, entering business awards, great. That goes together with the letterbox drop. SEO, yeah, cool. And then the other high priority is these ones here.

Speaker G: So will you give me an updated version of that? Because I can hardly see it.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry. I'll get Heidi to— Perfect.

Speaker G: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys. I went a little bit over time there. I appreciate the time.

Speaker A: I want to quickly show you. I have 10 minutes and then I have to get on my next meeting. I texted them. Because I promised you about the brand archetypes, how to build your GPT agent here in ChatGPT. So I just went in here and I said, hey, I'm trying to work out my brand archetypes, blah, blah. Can you help me? Absolutely. Let's type in, here's a quick overview. So it's given me an overview of the 12 archetypes you heard about today. And then how to find your archetypes. It says, cool. Yeah. Give me your values, your audience, your tone of voice, your purpose. Great. Cool. Now, because it already knows a lot about me, because I've already actually got most of this stuff in the custom GPT here, if you go to customize GPT, it's already got most of this stuff about Basic Bananas in here. Industry, audience, purpose, core principles, personality, tone of voice. So it already knows this stuff. But if you don't have it in there, just give it your information. And then here, It just goes, cool, I'm going to help you find it. You are the jester, the sage, and the creator. Now I might say, no, that's not true. I think I'm this, or yeah, cool. So let's just say that's true. I'm just going to say, okay, great. I think you are spot on. Can you now please help me write a custom prompt to create, and I'll pop that in the chat here, to create a GPT agent that I can then use to write content for Basic Bananas using these 3 archetypes. So I'll just give you this prompt.

Speaker G: Are you on a paid version of ChatGPT or is that the free version?

Speaker A: I'm on the paid one, but I don't think it matters. I think you can do all this stuff.

Speaker G: Because I don't think you can use the, where it's got all that information about you, that doesn't the custom.

Speaker A: Really? I think— let me ask ChatGPT. I think you have it, but let me just quickly ask it. I'll— we'll find out in a minute, but I do have the paid version. So now it's given me a custom prompt here. Let me just give you first this. So it's given me a custom prompt, and I'm going to quickly ask in another chat here, hey, does the free version of ChatGPT have Customize your ChatGPT function, because I obviously can't see it because I only have the paid version on my computer. Yes, the free version now includes— I think it's new here. It's known as custom instructions, how to access it. So you should have it. Okay, back to this one. I've now asked it to give me a prompt. To make my own agent. So it's made me a prompt, and I'll show you where to create it. You are the market. So this is the prompt that I'm going to give now my agent here. You are the marketing copywriter and strategist for Basic Bananas. Here are the 3 core archetypes, tone of voice, audience, mission values. When writing, think of it as having a smart conversation with a curious, time-poor entrepreneur, blah, blah, blah. Be clear, never condescending. Always leave them feeling confident, inspired, capable. Add a little cheekiness, a little bit of joking. This is actually very much exactly how we, we, our brand strategy goes. So now I'm going to copy this, this prompt. I'm just going to, I just clicked copy. Now go over here and I go to explore GPTs. This is, these are your agents. And then at the top here, and this, this session is recorded so you can go stop the recording and follow along. Then at the top here, it says create GPT. Now I'm going to call this Basic Bananas brand voice. And then I'll just copy paste this prompt in here. So this prompt, you're the marketing copywriter, blah, blah, blah. This is our archetype. This is how I want you to talk. I could now even just add some files and say, here's some more examples of how we talk. And then I can go create at the top here, create. I can make the link shareable so I can share it with my team too, or I can only me, but often these things I make shareable. And then I can give the team the same link. And when they write stuff, they can use this agent and I'll show you where it goes. So it's now published. I'm just going to go back to them. Interface here. So here, where has it gone? Here are all my GPTs here. It should show up here, but it doesn't. It's not here right now. Can you guys see it somewhere? It will go into this list here.

Speaker H: What are we looking for? What should it be called?

Speaker C: I think it was Banana's Voice. It's the third one from the bottom, isn't it?

Speaker A: I think this is actually an old one.

Speaker G: Is it? Yeah, it's called Brand Voice.

Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know. It should go in here. Let's go back to Explore. Maybe I have too many, so I might just go My GPTs here, and maybe it's in here. Yeah, here, look, it's in here. I don't know why it's— maybe it's not showing here because I got too many. I might have to get rid of some. So it's here now, you can see. So now I can open it and I can say, please come up with 10 topic ideas for Instagram for this week, and it will do it in the style that— in our archetypes style.

Speaker G: This is where you do your pamphlets and website.

Speaker A: Great. Can you please now turn, uh, number, uh, Let's see, can you please turn Mindset Monday, which was the first idea here, into a landing page for, uh, oh, let's just say, yeah, into a landing page for a masterclass. Obviously I'm not going to do a masterclass on that, but you can just keep going here and it will make your landing page here. And then I say, awesome, I also need some ads for Meta. Can you please write some? So you can just keep going here and it will just make you stuff. Obviously, I'm not going to accept all this. I'm going to say, yeah, this is really lame. This is, it needs to be more emotive. This is, yeah, not too conventional. So obviously, normally I would be a bit more critical. And go, hey, I don't like it, or I like this, and refine it. But the whole point is that you create a GPT agent that you have over here. You can see here I have a few different ones. I have the Ocean Lovers one. I have one for the podcast. So when we write a podcast, I can literally just feed it some rough topics and then it will spit out the exact description of the episode. Cool. Makes sense.

Speaker H: Yeah. Can you do all of that with the free version as well?

Speaker A: Do you think? Yeah, I'm pretty sure.

Speaker G: Yeah, you can. I just had a go.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. I'm pretty sure it has the, I'm pretty sure the free version has got those two functions, the GPT agents too.

Speaker G: Okay. Yeah. Oh no, sorry, you can't. You can't. It's, I just went to create a GPT then. And it said you gotta get ChatGPT Plus to create and share your own GPTs.

Speaker A: I'm just asking. Yeah. Okay. Maybe you can't. I thought you can.

Speaker H: The other thing is too that you are limited with the free version in terms of how much you can do. And then it says you've reached your limit. So you can be in the middle of things and then it goes, no, not playing anymore. And then you've you've got to kind of wait until you can get back to it.

Speaker C: And yeah, how much is it?

Speaker H: Is it $20 or US a month?

Speaker A: I think it is. It's worth it. I think it's worth it. I mean, I use it every single day. I think it's worth the pay, the pay for the free version.

Speaker D: It is a good investment.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can't do the custom. You're right. How much is ChatGPT Premium? I think it's $20 a month, maybe $20 or $25, something like that. Yeah, it's just— I'm just waiting for the answer, but it's definitely worth it. It's a few— it's $20 per month, so probably $30 for us at the moment. Yeah, it's worth it. I think it's worth it. I use it— if you use it like this, it's definitely worth it.

Speaker D: Francesca, would you be able to share the contact for Flavia that you're talking before about? Google Ads. I might be interested to have a chat with her and then see where it could take it from here.

Speaker A: Yeah, she's, and she's really honest. She's, she's just happy to, to, you know, do exactly what needs to be done and not, not more. So I'll get, I'll get Heidi to introduce you both. I'll, I'll message Heidi now.

Speaker F: Brilliant. You know what I'd really like just on that? I'd like it if we could have maybe a page of all the people that you've referred to us um, since we've been with Basic Bananas, because, um, just, just to have it in one place.

Speaker A: Yeah, you know what, that's a good idea. We might— I might make a page in, in our community platform so we can have everyone there and we can say exactly who is good for what.

Speaker D: Yeah, that'll be—

Speaker A: you might be able to ask ChatGPT and they might give it to you, right? Yeah, totally. Well, I will probably just say, hey, I, I hear our three names now, I need you to make this Sounds great. And then I will get Heidi. Well, Heidi can do it with my agent because I can now give her this agent. I've already given her— we've already had an agent like that, but I can— the team can use this agent to write copy. And sometimes I will get something from the team, some content that they do. They do all the social media and everything. Sometimes I get something or I see something, I'm like, this is not that amazing. And I will say, hey, have you used the agent? Because it's not playful, it's not emotive, it's not exciting. It's definitely none of the things that we should have, and maybe they haven't used the agent, or maybe they haven't refined things enough. Cool. Awesome work. Hey, lots of work to do.

Speaker H: Look at it properly and not just let it be. You have to have your own voice in there.

Speaker A: That's really important. You do. You really do. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Awesome work, team. Lots of work done today for everyone who came this morning already. You must be fried. You probably are completely fried. So I guess just the only thing I would say you do right now so you don't let it slip is go, if you have the paid version of ChatGPT, build your agent right now. It will take you 10 minutes. Because if you don't do it now, you're going to do it tomorrow. You're not going to do it tomorrow. You're not. Just do it now. Take 10 minutes right now with your fried brain. Use ChatGPT, build your agent right now and you have it sitting there. You can go and edit it.

Speaker F: Anytime.

Speaker A: I'm going to delete this one again now because I already have one, but you can edit these agents. So if it's good enough today, good. Tomorrow you might go back in. Mine are only good enough at the moment. That's fine. When I have time, I'll go in and make them better.

Speaker F: Thank you. That's great.

Speaker A: That's a good tip. Awesome. All right, go and make it happen.

Speaker H: Thank you so much. Thanks, everybody.

Speaker G: Great to see you all.

Speaker B: Thanks, guys.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker G: See you later.

Speaker A: Thank you.