Speaker A: So today we have 2 questions. One is from Sarah and one is from Brendan. So what I will do is actually, before I do that, let's do a quick zoom around the room because we only have 2 questions, so we have time. Let's do a quick zoom around the room, and if you want to share, what are you working on? And also, what is, what is sort of your Hopefully you've thought about that. What is your focus for 2025? What is your focus for 2025? What is your big theme this year? And I'll start at the bottom here. Lisa, do you want to share? Yeah, you're off mute, Lisa.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: Well, where do you start?

Speaker B: I am. Thank you, thank you. What's my theme for this year? Well, towards the end of last year, it was to get my, um, documentation, digital and physical, in order so that I could come in with a clean slate and tackle this basic bananas. Um, so I guess I haven't really got a defined theme for this coming year. I'm trying to work on that. I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah, it would be cool to just be—

Speaker B: yeah, to have a theme. I do want to have one. Um, I've got so many different things I want to focus on that I just— it's about trying to just pick something so I'm not too, too much all over the place. Um, but I'm getting lots of, lots of, um, ideas from people here. I think refining my website would probably be, um, a good start.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then maybe so, so, and then if we go a bit bigger than that, so refining your website, and I'm not saying that that is your theme, but then if we think bigger, you know, for what purpose? So for what purpose do we want to do that?

Speaker B: Well, I really, I really want to build a list. I don't have a list. I don't have, I don't do any content marketing via email. I don't do any of that. So I'd really like to start doing that. And the goal for that would be to just grow my reach. And eventually, um, I want to have a subscription-based— I've got an idea for a subscription base, and I want to be able to grow the list so that I can then market the, the idea to the, the people on my list.

Speaker A: Great. And for a business like yours, that is such a great idea because you have so much to give, you have so much content. It's not hard for you to share content. So maybe the theme in that, if that was You know, a focus would be obviously I would, I would call it something almost like build community or lead, lead generation. But you know, the, the trends are for the younger generations and, and for people to want to be part of a community, which we can do through list building. Yeah. So maybe, you know, a theme could be one, one, two. I'm seeing two themes from what you say. One is lead generation. So let's say community, growing your community, the community growth. And the other one, you know, it's if we go granular into, let's say, refining website for what purpose? Yes.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Leads, but also customer experience, you know, and you said you want to get all your documentations in order. That's all part of the customer experience.

Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker A: So, so if I had to pick two themes for you from just what you said, and you said very little, is building your community, growing your community, and customer experience, which under there we have website documentation for all the funnels. All that is part of the customer experience. Yep. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. One clap for you, Lisa. You're welcome. It's so nice to have a focus, you know, because we always get pulled into all these different directions. Okay, I'll give you a classic example. My focus this year is Clever Bunch and licensing. So we're doing licensing with larger corporations that have franchises. This week I got an inquiry for a speaking gig, to do a speaking gig for someone else. They'll do speaking gigs, but they have to be highly paid because they're not part of these two themes. And if they're not paying or they're not going to lead to doing a better job with licensing or Clever Bunch, then it's a no. Because there's always a request from everyone to do different things. Yeah, cool. Awesome. Uh, Catherine and then Mark.

Speaker D: Hi everybody. Happy New Year.

Speaker A: Happy New Year.

Speaker D: I did manage to get a bit of a break in, um, but only government can do this on Christmas Eve. I received an email from a government agency who obviously sent out emails to a number of people that they wanted to get for procurement. And so they wanted a proposal. Christmas Eve it came out, and they wanted the proposal in by the 6th of January. And it's like, are you for real? Anyway, I did it. I was a little bit— there was part of me that was a little bit annoyed, and it's like, people, can we please give everybody a break? You know, just kind of do it in the new year. But then I thought, well, it's a great opportunity and, you know, what have you. Unfortunately, I didn't get the proposal, that I didn't get the gig. I was kind of surprised because they're in Canberra and I thought, well, they will know people in Canberra for sure. Um, but it's good, I'm on their radar, so that's a good thing. It's a very positive thing. And I've got something else that's emerged in Canberra anyway, so it's really interesting. So I kind of had a little bit of conflict there anyway because there was something else kind of going on at the same time. So I feel, you know, the other one is equally good and maybe, probably, possibly even better ultimately. So you never know. So timing is my theme for the year, that timing— I'm in the right place at the right time. I'm always with the right people at the right time. The right opportunities are emerging at the right time, that I'm in flow because the timing is right for me, everything that is actually happening. So that's the big kind of theme for me around timing and feeling, um, I kind of find it liberating and grounding and kind and sort of generous as well. So that's how it sort of feels for me to have that as my big picture. But then as I go into that detail, then Building on what I did last year, I feel like I've got a good team around me now. Well, apart from, you know, the basic Bananas Mob and, you know, what I've been doing with the Clever Bunch, that's fantastic and I love it. And, you know, out of that, it's been able to help me think through things in a better way. So I feel like I've got a good team around me. I've got a good website person now and I've got a good designer and someone to help me with copy and things like that too. So they're in place, which is absolutely fantastic. And then, you know, I want to continue to grow the business but also be very clear, you know, who those clients are, what I say no to, what I say yes to, um, have return clients. And so I've got a return client, you know, coming up, which is very, very nice, and making sure that, you know, I'm going back to existing clients. And new opportunities are emerging as well. So yeah, that's kind of where it's at. So if you've got any insights, Francisca, based on that for me, then I'm very happy to have your input.

Speaker A: No, you, you know, you know all these. I, I love the theme, and, and I, I think you're pretty tapped into the woo-woo stuff that I believe in. I can only share one example. I've got a, a really close friend who's been struggling a bit mentally and just with the business and And I said, why don't you just write down how you want to feel in 2025? And he did that and he wrote down that he wants to feel— he's also, he's been drinking a lot. And so he, that also doesn't help. And so he's been writing down that he wants to feel bright. He wants to feel driven again in his business. And I think another one was maybe connected. And so I said, cool, that sounds great, but that's just words. So how can you, can you just like try and just, I said, just try. And this is not somebody who believes too much in these things. How about you just every day you go somewhere, whether it's the beach or somewhere else, the forest, and you say this to yourself every day somewhere or driving somewhere. You say, I'm bright, I'm connected, I'm driven. And just 2 weeks in and he stopped drinking. He hasn't had a drink in, I don't know, maybe 10 days or so. And he said, I feel bright. I feel driven. I'm on fire. So for you, it's the timing thing. You know, it's like the timing is right. Everything is flowing. Everything. It's just reaffirming these things. I'm doing it with my, my personal theme of— I told you already, I think some of you— is magnetic. So I just— I even this morning, I've been surfing a lot at 5 in the morning, 5:30 when the sun comes up. It's a bit sharky, unfortunately, at the moment because it's a bit murky. So but I still— I sit out there. And I say I'm magnetic, not to the sharks, but just I'm magnetic, I'm magnetic. And then, you know, sometimes I feel like, hey, the waves actually are coming my way, or, but I don't, I just think in terms of business life, I'm magnetic and I feel like it's happening. I know this is super not marketing stuff here, what we're discussing, but it's life stuff that will help with business. So I think you, Katherine, you already know all this, you're doing it and it's paying off. It's a feeling.

Speaker D: Can I just pick up on that for one moment? I know it does sound woo-woo, you know, in some ways, but at the same time, I think the world is a much more, um, unknown place than we kind of really understand. And so we always want to have this very tangible thing, and yet if you think about electricity, electricity happens. We don't see it, it happens. And it's the same as kind of— it's those energetic forces that are at play. Yes, that we can't and don't ever really fully appreciate and understand. But I think if we can kind of allow ourselves to have that part of ourselves, which is connected and intuition and those sorts of things, it's not that that's everything, but it's also, it's not that planning and it's like improvisation, you know, you can improvise and you can plan, you know, you can have both.

Speaker A: Yeah. And to be fair with you and I, we both know there's also quantum physics at play. It's actually, yeah, it's woo woo, but it's actually also, it's very scientific and The difference, I think, between what a lot of people do or teach is that they say, yeah, have these mantras and then just go say that. But actually the point of it all is that you need to feel it because that's where then the energy gets expanded. And that's when we then look into quantum physics and how, as you say, everything is energy. When we feel it, that's when the energy is attractive. So, you know, talking quantum physics here, let's go to Mark. Let's give Catherine one clap. And then Mark, and then Sarah.

Speaker C: Well, I got nothing quantum physics for you, but I didn't expect that for me. It's a little bit of a break there. Not too much, but yeah, I mean, for me, I guess kind of thing going forward into this year is a really, well, the immediate focus is, you know, Brendan's been working really hard on our new website and updating that. I'm proofing that. So a lot of proofreading there. So that's just head down, bum up and getting those things done. That's the immediate focus. But then going forward, I, you know, we sort of, I wanna continue investigating and working with AI to help to automate a lot of things, speed up things and get things improved, consistent and standardized. You know, we sort of have all these disparate systems. But there's a lot of things that I know take far more, you know, require a lot more steps than I would like. And if we can really start to get, nail those, so we just get, it frees up time, of course, then so we can really focus on the core things that we want to do, work with our clients, make sure we've got really great materials going forward and continue to improve those things.

Speaker A: So it sounds, and maybe I'm wrong, it sounds a bit like maybe Simplifying and streamlining for you. Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker C: Sounds like the immediate, we got a lot of, you know, we kind of get more and more stuff and more and more things and so on and stuff. Yeah. Let's try to really get that consistent. I know I tend to be quite inconsistent with a lot of things that I do. So I want to make sure that I, and we as a business, are being more consistent and just providing that standardized sort of experience all the way through.

Speaker A: Yeah, great. I love it. Thank you for sharing. Thanks, Mark. One clap for you. And then Sarah, and then Marilyn. Oh, we can't hear you just yet. And Marilyn, I saw your comment here too. You're listening to A Course in Miracles. Yeah, I think I read that maybe years ago. I believe it's a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful work. Yeah, Sarah.

Speaker F: Okay. Here I am. Um, my theme— I feel like I'm halfway through my theme from last year because I took the business on in June, so I feel like I wanted to do a full year. So I have some stuff, um, obviously still going, but you know, I've done 6 months now, and my business really came to me on the back of my mom and dad and everybody knowing my mum and dad. So I think my theme for this year is that I— oh, um, I want to be braver in revealing myself so that, um, the business actually sits on what people know about me rather than the fact that I am the leftover of my parents. So I need to, um, Yeah, I do a great job and I, you know, definitely I get good feedback, but now I want to be able to, you know, shout to the rafters that here I am and I can do this and our trips are worthy and my contribution to your holiday is, you know, important and Yeah, I'm going to be brave this year.

Speaker A: I love that. And maybe that's the theme. Your theme maybe is courage. Yeah. Yeah, I can see that. And I feel like it's, you've become a lot more confident over the last 6 months. It's not easy to just take over a business that has been run by your parents for all these years. And I'm sure there's a lot of, you know, opinions, usually in family businesses. It's actually, you know, yeah. We've worked with a lot of family businesses and there's, yeah, it's, it's not the easiest thing to do and you've done so well. So courage, I love it.

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker D: Lovely. Great. Thank you.

Speaker A: Love it. Thanks for sharing. One clap for you, Sarah. Super well done. Marilyn and then Kerry.

Speaker G: Sarah, my girlfriend Wendy Lakeman has done your parents' courses. She's really, really good friends with me. Um, so, you know, you're in really good hands and you're going to do amazing and you're going to put your own thing on it and everyone's going to love it.

Speaker A: I can't believe you know Wendy.

Speaker F: My dad gave Wendy away at her wedding in Tahiti on one of our trips.

Speaker G: Wow. Yeah. Okay, so Wendy's just called me and, um, I'm going to call her later.

Speaker A: Oh, you're the Marilyn!

Speaker F: You're the Marilyn she talks about. Yeah. Oh my God, small world. I love this.

Speaker A: This is so funny. What a small world.

Speaker F: Oh, she talks about you often.

Speaker A: What a small world. I love it.

Speaker F: Oh, nice to meet you.

Speaker G: You're in good hands.

Speaker D: Thank you.

Speaker A: You're welcome. Marilyn, what's your opinion?

Speaker G: What are you Yeah, look, my, my is also like Sarah. I'm, I'm sort of in the same journey, you know, feeling as though, can I do this? Am I worthy? Am I good enough? Um, learning to feel comfortable with, um, you know, like being successful financially and having that everything that, that I want to achieve in my life. So where I'm at at the moment is I've decided to become an NDIS registered provider and that's like really, really scary because of all the money involved in the audits. So $3,000 for a provisional audit, and Candice, I hope you're paying attention because I know I talked you out of this. I still don't think, Candice, that you need this. Um, and then the full certification audit is $7,000. Um, I've taken on some work as a contract trainer for a private, um, registered training organization in Perth, which is something I've always wanted to do as well. I'm trying to fit too many things in, but that's just my nature. I've got a bit of ADHD, as does Wendy, and, um, and that's okay. So I'm just going to work it all out. So I'm going to continue running my NDIS courses on Saturdays, um, with my clients and slowly organically grow that. And I'd like to get a team around me. I don't have a team around me, so my goal for this year is to get a team around me so that I can learn to rely on and trust other people. That's, that's something that I need to do. And in order to do that, I need to trust myself first and foremost.

Speaker A: I love it. So, so it sounds like the themes are courage, trust, and team.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Awesome. Good job. I love that. Thank you so much. Thanks for sharing, Marilyn. And then Kerry, and then we can also see if Candice can talk. Kerry, and Candice just left you a message too. Yeah, Kerry. Hi everyone.

Speaker D: I'm brand new to this group this year, so I haven't actually had my first session or anything, so I'll probably jump the gun, but I wanted to jump in and just get a feel for what these are all about. And, um, yeah, so I know what it's all about.

Speaker A: So yeah, and do you have a theme? Have you thought about a theme for this year for you and your business?

Speaker D: Um, not really. We, we definitely want to get our overall marketing strategy down and a new website, so They're two outcomes that we want to achieve this year.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, so a better overarching plan and maybe upgrade, you know, maybe sometimes the word upgrade is a good thing to upgrading. Yeah. Marketing. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. It's very updated. Welcome, Kerry. Good to have you here. One clap for you. And we don't always talk about like, you know, woo-woo stuff. Don't worry. Normally it's marketing, but because we have a small group and only 2 questions, we're, we're just— I feel sometimes I have to go where I feel like we need to go to start the year and to make sure you're all super pumped. Brendan, and then Candice if she can talk.

Speaker E: Uh, for me, really, it's just the, uh, getting this website over and done with at the moment. That's certainly the, uh, the high priority. And then it's going to be really sitting back analyzing how the business is actually going with the AdWords and so on. Because pretty much I'm going to give it 6 months and if it's not progressing, I'm going to jump ship. So yeah, I need it to be making more money than what it is at the moment.

Speaker A: So yeah. And maybe we need to chat on another session about You know, because sometimes, okay, ads and stuff, good, but maybe there's, because you obviously, one of your audiences are corporations, one of your bigger audiences are corporations. So we need to maybe think about a different approach too. So yeah, website, great. Ads, great. How about direct mail, for example? Have you, have you tried direct mail?

Speaker E: We started, I guess, down that path, but it fizzled out at that stage. So a range of different reasons why, which I won't get into.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Maybe something we can consider because it's, you know, for you, it's very targeted or, you know, LinkedIn or something else than just paid ads. I feel like there's another way also to share your knowledge with the right people. And the thing with corporations is that they take a bit of time, and it is still a tough climate out there to work. And Catherine would know that it's still a tough client, a tough climate to, to get corporations on board.

Speaker E: All right, yeah, um, you know, we've been doing this for 10 years, so it's not as though it's a new, new thing, uh, and yet certainly extremely tough at the moment. We're probably 70% on what we have been doing. So need that to turn around.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So maybe on top of the paid ads, maybe there's something else that is very targeted directly to the contacts that you believe would be good to connect with. Yep, something we can maybe discuss. Not— I don't want to put more on top of your plate right now, but I feel like I wouldn't rely only on paid ads. For the next 6 months.

Speaker E: Oh, no, no, it's only just one avenue.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah, cool. Awesome. Thanks for sharing. One clap for you, Brendan. And then Candice, are you able to talk? Yeah, you're there. Lovely. And the light, you look like you're just in a— oh, there we go.

Speaker H: Sitting, sitting on a rooftop deck. Yes, down in Melbourne for the tennis.

Speaker A: Oh, nice.

Speaker H: How good is that? So, um, yeah, sorry I jumped in a little bit late, but I did catch a bit of the discussion around, um, belief and quantum physics and putting it out there. Funnily enough, I'm— I've just discovered Joe Dispenza, if anyone knows of him. I'm currently reading his book. Um, so that's a bit of my theme for this year as well, is, um, confidence, but, um, Knowing and feeling it, um, you know, I guess for more for me personally. And then with my business, um, I guess similar to the discussion, discussion, discussion just then with Brendan, I want to sort of rely a little bit less on, um, Meta ads. Um, so trying to think of other creative ways I can bring in new customers. Uh, I've been working on my SEO a bit. Um, that's improving. So I get— I think I get about 40%, um, of my traffic from, um, organic, um, organic searches, which is great. So working on improving that, um, and also, um, you know, working on my email list and reaching out to those that are on my list but haven't still haven't yet purchased, trying to convert them into customers. So for example, sending out a pair of free sample socks to customers that have not yet purchased, you know, because at the end of the day that costs me about as much as it does to acquire a new customer through Meta.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker H: Yeah. So, and also working on getting some stockists on board this year. So that they're going to be the main areas that I'm working on.

Speaker A: I love that. And I feel like, you know, part one of your themes that I think it would be good focus on is you can call it what you want to call it, but I sometimes like to call it exponential. And what that means is that it's not just only doing the one-to-one customers with meta ads and stuff and definitely list and list building and reactivation, but also exponential through collaboration. So stockists, it would be that market expansion stockists, I know markup less, and then also groups, organizations, people that have access to your audiences that would be able to distribute your product. I think that's another avenue that could be interesting to explore more and get creative about. Yeah, cool. Awesome. Thanks for sharing, Candice. One clap for you. And Gav, you just came in late. Did you want to do a quick share before we go into Sarah's question about your— have you thought about your year, your, your theme for the year ahead? I'm just going to plug in my computer too. If you want to do a quick share about your focus this year, that'd be epic if you've thought about it.

Speaker I: Hi everyone. Um, yeah, I have. And just, um, I've been thinking about it nonstop, but it's, I sort of just want to get a little bit more grounded and sort of, I guess, come back to the beginning a little bit. And yeah, I'm looking forward to, I guess, starting from the beginning with what I started off with. It's just been a really busy year for me and about to put on another worker and introduce a new service. So I feel like I, um, I've just sort of got a little bit ahead of myself with a few things, which has been good because the business is growing, but, uh, just sort of need to come back to the basics a little bit with, um, I've really enjoyed what I've heard with other people. So, um, just want to sort of come back to the beginning a little bit for me.

Speaker A: Love that. That's really cool. That's a good, that's a good focus. Back to the basics, make sure that, you know, you don't get too ahead of yourself and everything is again, probably streamlined and simplified so that you don't have to work harder. And it's a way to make more money, but not necessarily at the cost of working like crazy. Yeah, yeah, great.

Speaker I: Good to see everyone.

Speaker A: Yeah, good to see you, Gavin. One clap for you. Always good to see you. Sarah, I'm gonna pop up your notes here, and if you want to quickly share your approach here. So your question here is around Meta Ads. So you're going to run some Meta Ads, you and your team member. Yes. Do you want to share a little bit more? And I've got your strategy here. Okay.

Speaker F: So in fact, Emma put this to me yesterday and we went through it together and pulled it apart a little bit. And she really used ChatGPT. To guide her with the— with putting all of this together and creating a bit of a strategy for us to go forward with. So we're actually going to— we decided that we'll do some testing, um, and spend sort of maybe $10 a day while we do some testing before we move into the $30 to $50 a day. Um, we're quite comfortable with what ChatGPT and our two brains came up with, but I just thought I would present it here in case I've missed something obvious because somebody's done it before and It's a bit, maybe it's rigid because ChatGPT created it. Maybe there's just something we've overlooked. I'm not sure because I don't know what I'm doing. I only know what I know.

Speaker A: Yeah. And, and yeah, and you know, ChatGPT did an okay job. I think we can just simplify this and I'll quickly stop the share. ChatGPT did a great job. I want to quickly simplify this for you and for everyone. So What we're looking at here, because you haven't done, you haven't done paid ads yet, right? So, so if we look at marketing like a funnel, so at the top of the funnel here, so this is a funnel where at the top people are falling in that haven't seen us yet, and then the funnel gets narrower and narrower because people opt out, and then down here at the bottom of the funnel, eventually they will buy. So here we have at the top of the— so what I would start with if you haven't done ads yet, I would start with your, what ChatGPT said, with your awareness campaigns. So top of the funnel campaigns are awareness. So we want people to see you and awareness campaigns can be a little bit more informational, a bit more inspiring. They can, they can be a little bit less about, hey, book your holiday now. They can be a bit more about, have you ever dreamed? And you can ask ChatGPT, you say, hey, help me create some awareness campaigns. For my sailing business, and it will know what to do, it will do an okay job, and then you can revisit. So awareness first at the top of the funnel. Let's do, let's simplify, let's just do one campaign which you call awareness campaign, and that can be $10 a day, as you say, $10, $15 a day, and you run that for a bit, and you do have a link to your website, obviously, from your awareness ads, you won't sell just yet. No. So you start with, you have one campaign, which is your awareness campaign. It's just, hey, have you ever dreamed of doing this? Imagine sitting on a boat with your friends, la la. Inspiration, aspiration, beauty, intrigue, awareness at the top of the funnel. When, and then quickly with Facebook ads these days, it's become so good. That's why it's actually not too hard to do your own. Did I just freeze? You did freeze, but I can hear you. Yeah. Yeah. I think going on. Yeah. I think I'm back now. So with, with Facebook, because it's become so good, the, the AI within it, it's actually okay to do your own. And then what I would normally do is I would let, I would let Facebook to choose. So I would, I wouldn't do too much of the manual. There's usually manual and automatic. Settings, I would pick most of the things I would say automatic. So automatic placements or they will, because it will, the more that they will learn about who engages with your ads, the more it will find those people. Okay. So, so when it's, when you look into it, I would probably go for a lot of the automatic things within it. So do one campaign awareness and then you can do another campaign which You can do a bit more of a lead campaign, if we say, so you can do 3 campaigns if you want.

Speaker F: Yeah. At the same time, or this awareness funnel is leading into these second 2 funnels.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Do, do the awareness first. Yes. For a bit and see how it goes and do you get the website visitors and then you can then at maybe after a week or 2 weeks. You can then launch also a lead campaign and see how it goes in terms of generating leads. So a lead campaign is, so, so what do you do is awareness campaign first, you collect an audience, you use videos also, you actually have that on your sheet here, you use Reels and then what you do and here ChatGPT told you to do that also in the, in the sheet that you sent me, you collect your audience. That you can then retarget to. So you do an awareness campaign, number one, run it for, you know, a few weeks at least. A few weeks? Yeah, at least a few weeks. You'll see, you know, are people engaging? And you just make sure you increase your website traffic, make sure the people are watching the videos because then you now you have an audience to remarket to. And then phase two, so phase one is awareness campaign. Phase 2, now let's do a remarketing campaign where you remarket to those people that have already seen you, that have been to your website, have seen some of your videos. You can choose, you know, people who have watched your videos on, on—

Speaker F: Oh yes, where it's, you know, if they've watched 70% or 20% or whatever it is of the video.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. Clear. And for those that, that, the, the call to action for those is now to download something so that you generate leads. Okay. So for them, it would be something like, you know, download the top 10 destinations to go sailing this summer or whatever. You've already got stuff. I don't want you to have to make new things. What's your, what's some of your lead magnets? You've already got some good ones.

Speaker F: Well, we, I did the one we, I did the one that I brought to advisory board and it was like, you know, plan your trip and things to think about and get in touch. So do I want to push them in that phase to download something that says talk through your ideas or do we want it to be a bit more general like the top 10 things to do in Greece.

Speaker A: I would try both. So I would, I would, in the retargeting campaign, I would do 2 ads. One is really low-key, low-risk, download a thing with all the secret locations that you've never heard of that you should visit. And the second call to action, a different ad, would be, uh, do you want to get a quote and talk through your ideas?

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker A: All right. Yeah. So that I would simplify it like that. Top of the funnel awareness and then bottom of the funnel remarketing to those people and now ask them to take an action. Okay. Yeah. And you can ask ChatGPT to help you with ideas for these two campaigns.

Speaker F: Well, even, even the AI thing that we did today, I was banging away doing my brand story once, once she was talking, I was Oh, oh my God, as usual, you know, brain fart going on here. Um, yeah, it was great. Yeah. Um, yep. So Emma's quite comfortable, um, and she just wanted— well, I said I'm gonna give it to Basic Bananas, and she said that's fine as long as they don't tell me it's all shit.

Speaker A: No, it's all good.

Speaker F: I've never said that anything you've done is all shit.

Speaker A: She's great.

Speaker F: Um, we'll keep chugging along. We've got a— we've locked in a meeting every Friday for the next 4 Fridays just to track what we're doing and how we're going. And I've— I want it to be really measurable, um, so I know what I'm spending money on and what's working. Um, yeah. Okay. I thought it was two funnels, but it's not. It's one funnel that drips and creates another funnel.

Speaker A: It's one, it's one funnel, but it's two campaigns.

Speaker F: Yes.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: Yes. Awareness and one. So she's right. And it's not shit what she's come up with, which I think is good. It's super simplified.

Speaker F: Yeah. Lovely. Appreciate your time as usual.

Speaker G: Thank you very much.

Speaker H: Sorry. Francesca, can I just ask one more question? Yeah, of course. So that's around Meta as well. Yeah, just with regards to different audiences, I never know if I should be doing them in the one campaign or just as different ad sets, or if they should be and let Meta figure it out with the AI, or if I should be separating it out into different campaigns. So for example, um, you know, if I want to do just a general sort of back-to-school, um, sock campaign, um, and then one focused on families that have kids with sensory needs.

Speaker A: Yeah, so, so how I like to do it is the former, but, but I would do— so I would do— I would choose a campaign. So I would— so it's It's kind of a mixture of what he said. So I would choose a campaign. So let's say I'm going to do a back-to-school campaign, and that's now my campaign at the campaign level. Now, under that campaign, back-to-school, in the ad sets, I might choose two different audiences. One, maybe completely broad audience, no targeting, let Facebook do the targeting. And we have actually found that some campaigns, when you just let Facebook do the targeting and you give no targeting, you just say automatic targeting, find the right people. That has worked really well. So one campaign, back to school, two ad sets, one hardly any targeting, Facebook does the targeting, you just choose the country, Australia, and two, second ad set, parents, for example. Yeah. And then you have maybe another campaign, you just had another one, like a family-focused one, not back to school.

Speaker H: Kids with sensory needs.

Speaker A: Yeah, kids with sensory needs, whole other campaign. And in there again, I might have two ad sets, one without targeting and one with parents.

Speaker H: So you do that quite specific group as a separate campaign, would you?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: I would do, I would do it. I would do the campaigns by campaign, how I name it, back to school campaign, kids with sensory needs campaign. Okay. And I probably wouldn't run them at the same time because you're competing against yourself.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker H: Yeah. I guess that's why I always wonder, is it better? If you're doing sort of slightly different audiences to run them in the same campaign so you can run them at the same time?

Speaker A: So if you want to run them, yeah, if you want to run them at the same time, so if you want to do the sensory needs and the back to school at the same time, then yes, then you do have to put it in the same campaign, otherwise you compete against yourself. Okay, yeah, yeah, all right, thank you. Yeah, yeah, awesome. I think there was a question here. Did someone have a question? Awareness campaign. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lead campaign to collect. Yes, yes. What order was the last two leads, then retarget, or the other way around? Oh, it's— you basically— retargeting just means retargeting. So retargeting is an audience. So you're— what you do is you do awareness campaign to get people aware of who you are and people who have visited your page, and then you retarget those people with, for example, a lead campaign.

Speaker H: Yeah.

Speaker D: Awesome.

Speaker A: If any more questions, please ask. And in the meantime, we're going to go to Brendan's question, and I will pop up Brendan if you want to come off mute, and I'm going to also share your website.

Speaker I: Yeah, go for it. Sorry, just quick question or statement really. I don't know if it would be giving away too many of your secrets, Francisca, but it'd be great. I know, I know. It'd be great to see like with what we were just looking at then with the Meta ads and the funneling system, it'd be great one day to see like one of your ads, how it's like to see it sort of in action. Yeah. You know, like, I mean, I see all your ads, but I sort of, I'm sort of yet to come into the funneling game and be great to sort of see the life cycle of an ad and sort of how, yeah, I don't know.

Speaker A: We can do that. We can, we can do, I can do some recordings or my guys that do the ads. I don't run the ads. I just come up with the creatives. They can do a screen recording or I can do one, but quickly to answer your life cycle question, what I suggest you do and what we do is you have KPIs and you know exactly what your limit is. So you might say in terms of that works for awareness campaign, you just have a daily limit. You just say, I'm gonna spend $15 a day to create, generate awareness, and that's what we roughly do. And then for leads, we would say we don't spend more than $15 Australian for somebody to make a booking to a workshop. For you, it might be you don't wanna spend more than $10 for somebody to download something or to call you. Okay. And if it goes above that, metric, then usually we switch up the campaign, turn it off, do another one. Because yeah, sometimes it goes like boom, boom, boom, we like under $15, lots of leads, and then suddenly, because it's got ad fatigue, suddenly will go up to $20. We're like, okay, we've, we're now above our threshold, our KPI, we turn it off and we do another one.

Speaker I: All right. All right. Thanks. Thanks, Brendon.

Speaker A: It's all right.

Speaker E: Brandon. Yeah, I guess these pages or this page that we've got up at the moment had this reviewed last year. Crystal was really happy with it. But this is kind of, it's an internal page, but I'd also consider it a landing page as well. So something that we're hoping that Google will pick up underneath their organic searches and show these pages. So back up towards— I'll let you finish going through, but back up near the top, there's actually the courses. Just a tiny bit further down, you'll see the link. Yep. Just in there, those light blue ones. These are, I guess, the pages I've been working on. This is what I'd like some feedback on. I think sometimes we're too close to it, so we know all those questions that everyone's asking. We're trying to answer absolutely everything, but whether it becomes information overload to anyone that's reading it and they'll turn away at that stage.

Speaker A: So I guess if you click on any of those view outlines and enroll buttons already, the first thing here I would say is I would open this in a new window, not in the— not make the other page disappear, because I might want to go back and look at the other levels here too. You know what I mean? So when I click this, it opens a new window. Is that possible?

Speaker E: Yeah, I would disagree with that. Because for someone that's coming through, they'd be wanting to go through courses, the menu up the top courses down through to Photoshop. And then once they're in there, they then want to go and have a look at the courses. So if that's gonna open up in another tab all together, I think they'll— I would think that they get more lost. And we do have a lot of clients that want to look at a range of courses, so they could end up with 10, 15 tabs being open in that case.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's how I would— in terms of user experience, that's how I would look at it. I would say I'm going to go here, I'm just going to open the introduction one, and then I'm also going to go back and open the social Was it a social media one? So I would have the tabs open that interest me in separate tabs rather than having to go. So what I would have to do now is I would go here because I want to see what's the difference. Do I need this one? And then I would have to go copy paste it into another thing here. And then I would have to go back and then look also at that because I want to flick between and see what's the difference. Okay. So that's my personal user experience, what I would do if I was looking at the UX here, and just quickly, and then we'll look at that page that you asked. I would also probably make free capitalized here. You could potentially, yeah, make it capitalized. And there was something else here. I also like, and again, this is personal, I like instead of saying our clients, I would even say happy clients. It's straight away says that, oh, these guys are happy, happy clients, or, or, you know, something like that.

Speaker E: I had actually thought of that, but then my mind went straight to, so where's the list of unhappy clients?

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I didn't, didn't even cross my, my mind to think, to think that way, but I wonder if maybe, maybe some of our members can share their feedback on that too. If they, if they like the happy or if they then think about the unhappy ones.

Speaker I: Who cares where the unhappy ones are?

Speaker E: I know that no one ever puts their, uh, the clients that they don't like working with or unhappy on any website. You never get testimonials of, uh, I wish I'd never used these people.

Speaker I: I, I think it's pretty impressive. Yeah, I, I like the, your banner down there with those clients. I, I probably wouldn't Yeah, I think the logo sort of speak volumes, really.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker I: Our, our, our's a pretty powerful word, our clients.

Speaker A: And then what was the feedback that you wanted to hear, Brendan?

Speaker E: Yeah, I guess with this, that first couple of paragraphs underneath the heading, we're trying to use our voice in here. So we generally find that all of our competitors, it's really dry text. So we're trying to just add a little bit of humor in there without not being unprofessional, but then the rest of the text is dry just because of the nature of what it happens to be. So I guess I'm just trying to hit a pain point and to sort of show that we can solve that problem in there.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think the text is, the text is good. It's definitely a bit more creative than the straight up copy, the boring stuff that normally people say. Let's just look again. Also, what I'd like you all to do is as I scroll this, I'd like you to just think about where your eyes go and if you would take the action to eventually go over here. So, so I'm just going to slowly scroll and we want to see what the eye is doing naturally, what you're looking at, and is it the right path that we're taking? I think it's really good. The main thing that also stood out for me here, I would change this question. So rather than, because I read this question and suddenly you put doubt in my head. Suddenly I went like, not sure if you're ready for this course. Suddenly I went like, oh, maybe I'm not ready. So I would actually change the question and make it a question around maybe you're not sure which course to take. Okay, yep. So the sentiment is more not about I'm ready or not ready, I'm not ready. The sentiment is about maybe you're not quite sure which one you want to take. So it's basically assumptive telling. I'm assuming that I will do a course, I just don't know which one.

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker A: Because this one made me straight away go like, I don't know, maybe I'm not ready.

Speaker I: Yep.

Speaker A: All right, let's see if anyone else has some feedback too. And Meryl has to go, and Sarah, I'll answer your question just after this. Any other thoughts here for Brendan?

Speaker I: Brendan, I, I feel like I say this often, I love your website. I, in my spare couple of minutes I sometimes get, I just scroll through your website because I like it so much. Um, But I feel like I want something to jump off the page to make me— I don't know, it's— I love the colors. It's all really uniformed, but I don't know, is there something that's called a call to action? I don't know if it needs to be a different color or something flashing, but maybe it's also too such a small screen I'm looking at.

Speaker E: I'm looking at my phone at the moment, so I do know just from the statistics that 98% of users are viewing desktop computers while looking at our website because we do predominantly to corporate environment. So they're all at work generally viewing the information. So I get what you mean there, Deb, for sure. There's certainly some things that I wouldn't Wouldn't mind trying to jump out a little bit more, but not sure how, because I guess even on those other tabs, the what to know beforehand, what to bring, I've tried putting in some colors, just a little bit of color in there without it being a rainbow effect as such.

Speaker I: Yeah, yeah, sure.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah, and I guess the going back to that question of the too much information, this is probably on those tabs, the what to know beforehand and what to bring. So I know that we need to make people aware of this stuff beforehand, but whether it starts to become too much information, I thought by trying to not hide it in tabs, but to sort of have it in tabs that might cut down what's being presented on the screen, because a lot of times people want to get to this page to predominantly go down to see what are the topics that are going to be covered within the course.

Speaker A: Yeah, definitely. I think that part here is pretty important. I wonder if this even could be labeled. You know what? I kind of agree a little bit with Gavin. I wonder if this could even be numbered. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. How many do we have? 6, 7, 8. You know, for the eye, almost to look like I'm getting 8 key, key elements here. Even, even just little things like that. I think that can help. I think it's great to have the download here too.

Speaker H: Yeah.

Speaker E: I guess the one reason that we haven't numbered those things, a lot of times people think that is the exact order that it will go through, but we will modify what gets covered based upon the audience that we've got. So some people might need to do want the last topics first because that's the most important thing to them. So we'll reorganize based upon the group's needs, the topics. So I'll still go through all of it, but just in different orders in some cases.

Speaker A: But nobody is gonna come and say, hey, sorry, but, you know, number 4 was gonna be creating selections. You needed it as number 5. Like that. I don't think you have dicks like that that will come and say, hey, sorry, the order was wrong. Hey, I might be wrong. Maybe your audience, I mean, our audience, you guys, I would never do that. And I've definitely promised you the wrong order and I've never had anyone say, hey, Francisca, number 3 is now number 1. I want my money back. So, but maybe your audience is different, but I don't think anyone will come and check that the order was correct as long as they get the outcome that they were promised. Do you do a lot of people not have laptops? Do you actually get this?

Speaker E: Yeah, there are some that, um, they, for whatever reason, they can't bring their work-based machine. Some might still have desktop machines, or it could be that their laptop they can't take away from work for security purposes. Um, so yeah, you do get it from time to time.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay, I've got a question, or maybe a thought. Where you have the overview that you— we were just looking at then. I wonder if that should actually be moved up because that's the first thing that people probably do want to know. So that is actually prioritized.

Speaker E: Yeah, we did discuss that. If that moves up, then the purchasing information, the cost of the course and so on, would actually have to move down. So it was the— do we want that?

Speaker D: Could that not stay there? In the same place.

Speaker A: Well, I actually, I, I agree. I was thinking that too. And I, I, it's okay to move this down because I probably want to see first what's in the course, or I'm getting hit by the price.

Speaker D: Yeah, maybe it's that flow, you know. So you've given the content overview, it's like, oh, that's looking interesting. Yeah, more information. And now you can use the book call to action is, you know, here's what it costs. And, you know, I don't know, maybe the call to action is also promoting that more to really get people to make that commitment to paying for the call.

Speaker A: And also, I feel like there's so much that I'm getting here that now that I see the cost, like $400, $500, it's not that much for all this stuff here.

Speaker D: Yeah, it's good value.

Speaker A: It's super good value, especially face-to-face too. Like, that seems like really, really good value. Oh, the online one is the same. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Either way, I think if you, if I see this whole course outline and then I see it's only $400, $500, not a bad, a bad thing.

Speaker B: I think, can I make a suggestion?

Speaker A: Yeah, please do, Lisa.

Speaker B: I just, um, I'm trying to scroll your screen. That doesn't work, does it? The course content with all the bullet points is very thorough, but, but do you download— the information that you download, is that the same? Yeah. And I guess my point really is you could, you could just use the headings there and make it less busy on the screen because then you get the detail in the download, right? So you— so I mean, while you might not need to number them, but if you just had the course will cover correcting an image, retouching techniques.

Speaker E: I guess I'm trying to cover off two bases here that sometimes you'll have a person from the HR department that just wants to download the PDF to distribute that amongst their team to see whether that's the information that they need to be covered off in the course. And there's a lot that just want to read the information on the website without having to go and download something else. In there. So that's why it is, I guess, the, the 2, the download and also being shown on the screen at the same time.

Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, for me, when I look at a site, if I'm looking at a training course, I, I hate it when I pretty much get forced to download the PDF because I can't see enough detail in there. I want to be able to see that up front. Yeah, I even, I mean, personally, I even, I know some of our competitors have this kind of list here, but each, each of the main chapter topics, they're all collapsed down. So you have to click on each one to expand it. And I hate that. It just drives me nuts. So yeah, for me, you know, and I, I think probably a lot of the people that are in our audience, they want to see that detail there, right up, they haven't downloaded PDF.

Speaker A: Yeah, I don't mind that. I don't mind that. And I agree then if I need the course outline, I'll get it. And if not, you know, I can send my manager the link to this page too. Yeah, cool. Awesome.

Speaker E: Really? Okay, great. Just to know, time's running out. The other question that I had is because we're rebuilding this as a new site from the ground up, we do have on our existing site some pages that we know gets a bit of traffic. But I think it's going to be because people are accidentally clicking on links. So our navigation up the top that when you hover over courses to get it to expand, if they click on that link, it actually takes them to a page. So maybe if you just change that address line up the top to get rid of the word staging at the beginning.

Speaker A: Is it one of the links in here?

Speaker E: No, it's not.

Speaker I: Sorry.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. I can just go like this.

Speaker E: Yeah, that'll come up with it.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker E: Alright. So if you just move to computer courses up the top. Now, if you actually click there, that's going to load a page. So I've got all these pages that are sort of like that introduction level. Here's computer courses, and then it goes off to the particular programs or manufacturers. And then from those pages, you can then get to the courses. Now, originally done this just to try to get a lot of, lot more information on the website to hopefully get picked up by SEOs. So I guess my question is with the new site, we're trying to bypass these pages because we know most people want to try to just get straight through to the particular program that they're interested in. Should I rebuild these pages pretty much word verbatim that I can still create links to go to the right pages, but they sort of sit in the background being as kind of an orphan page in there just to maintain the, what we've done so far? Because I guess with the new site going up, if they're not in there, and of course over time Google's going to lose that juice from those pages.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, so the question is whether you don't have this, this holding page here, this, like, this sort of umbrella page.

Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah. So whether to keep that, but it's not accessible through the main site, through navigation.

Speaker A: Well, I, I personally like having an umbrella page because also if, if I'm a manager and I have a team, I might go here and I might say, well, we use Google, but we also use Adobe. So here I can see what your offerings are. So I don't mind having an umbrella page that outlines your offerings in terms of the software that you use. I don't quite— this almost— I guess this has all of them, right? Yeah. The e-learning. Yeah. So this, this one is almost the, the, the black sheep for me because I can see you guys focus on Microsoft, Adobe, and Google. Are those the 3, the 3 providers that you focus on?

Speaker E: Well, I know there's a range of other providers, but they're smaller ones that have only got 1 or 2 programs. And they all sit underneath the e-learning. So one of our major ones that we train is Articulate Storyline. So Articulate She only just has two programs, Storyline and Rise, that people get training in.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So maybe that's because in here you also, you, you have Google courses that are e-learning courses too, right? No. Oh, these ones are all face-to-face.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. So no, the e-learning courses are actually courses about developing e-learning. It's not an online course. It's the software for creating.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, I misread that. I thought e-learning means these are the things that I can do online. Yeah, no. Yeah, okay. In terms of your question, I personally, but maybe we can have some opinions, I personally like that there is an umbrella page where I can see what you guys offer. And then not only it's because then I can see, okay, we need to, we need this one, but also if I have a friend in a company that does, that uses Microsoft, I know that I can send them your way because I can see you also offer Microsoft training. So I personally like this kind of approach, but why would you be against it?

Speaker E: Oh, look, I just think that I haven't had any comments from other people. But I do know internally both Mark and myself, when we've been on the site, accidentally clicked on computer courses as opposed to using the navigation to get down through to, say, Excel that sits underneath Microsoft.

Speaker A: Yeah, but that's not a problem because I can go to the, that landing page here and then I can click to Microsoft here. It's, it's how, how we approach the user experience for our programs. We have the landing, the mother page here, the main navigation page, and on there it has buttons to go to different programs, which are also here. So it's exactly the way that I like to, to look at it. Yeah, cool. Katherine said, yeah, that also works for me. Awesome. Sarah, you asked about landing pages. Do you suggest making a lead page that mimics the website rather than sending people to the website? No. I would, so you can have a landing page on your website. So for example, your lead page where people download something is part of your main website. Yes. So you don't need another separate landing page. That's, you have your main website and on there you might have marine boat, is it marine? Marina Boating. Yeah. MarinaBoating.com.au and then forward slash whatever that, you know.

Speaker F: Yeah, definitely. I can do it like that. You might— it might be Tahiti, for example. But if I'm doing a bunch of, um, advertising for that particular trip, I just wondered if it was— if it would be good to have a landing page so that I can see the traffic that has come from the ad to that page.

Speaker A: Yes, but you will see that traffic. So I will say, oh yeah, marinerboating.com/tahiti. You will see that traffic. Okay. Because you will be using that landing page and you will be tracking that exact link. Yeah. Okay, great. And then if somebody goes to Tahiti and then they see you in the main navigation, they see you also go to, to Fiji and all these other places, that's good too. Okay. Yeah, cool. Okay, great.

Speaker D: Thank you.

Speaker A: Awesome work, team. Thank you so much for joining us today, and I hope you are feeling pumped for the year and are embracing your theme. You're feeling it, you're going for it, you're feeling motivated, because that's half of the battle. Yeah, is to feel motivated and just to keep taking action even when you have a crappy day. Keep taking action, feel it. Remember, feel it. Good, everyone happy? Happy New Year! Yes, Candice. Good to see you all. And we'll see you next week at Clever Bunch also. And back on Advisory Board too.

Speaker D: Lovely.

Speaker F: Take care.

Speaker A: Thanks everyone.

Speaker C: Bye.

Speaker E: Thanks for the kind words, Kev.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker D: Bye.