Speaker A: Should we do with, let's maybe start with Emma's question in case you wanted to jump off and I'll share my screen. How old are your kids, Emma, again?

Speaker B: I got a 9, 12, and 13. So they're in the midst of musicals and end of year type things at the moment. So yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. There's definitely a lot going on. Let me just share your script here.

Speaker B: Yes, I've been, been working on these the last couple of days. We've, we've gotten quite quiet here. There are a few big jobs booked in, but just the, the traffic through the door and the phones have kind of quietened off a lot. I don't know if that's sort of what's happening in the small business environment at the moment. We're probably, you know, finally starting to see the cost of living sort of going out to all our customers and businesses around us as well. So just trying to do some short, sharp messaging, change up what we're currently doing on radio just to get, you know, our basic 3 core features out there a little bit better.

Speaker A: Yeah, awesome. And so this one here, should we look at— so that's a 15-second one and then there's a 30-second one, right?

Speaker B: The 30-second one is the one that I think we worked on with Crystal a few months ago. And so it's currently running. Along with an audit and inspections ad that we do, and then just a tire accessory, tools and accessory ad that goes out to sort of the farming sort of areas a bit more. So I was just sort of sending that through to show what we're doing, and then it can run a little bit, but I want to kind of pick up the frequency by running some 15s in the market as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay, great. So that's the 30-second one that is already running. And then that's the 15-second one here.

Speaker B: Yeah, so I've broken those pretty much down into the shelving part of our business, the racking, which is all about Australian standards and compliance, and then the plastic storage that we do as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, so there's 3 different ones. These are 3 different ads.

Speaker B: Yes. I'm, I'm thinking I have a problem with ads where I always just try and add in a little bit too much. Yeah, 15 seconds is a short time because I'm trying to stick under that sort of 38 words.

Speaker A: Because I wonder if we could do one that is completely different. And yeah, I don't have the solution just yet, but I'm just thinking these are great and they're very conventional.

Speaker B: Yes, right.

Speaker A: And conventional can work. Absolutely. I would definitely run conventional. And then maybe I wonder if we could just do one that is very different, something that interrupts the listeners a bit more. Yeah.

Speaker B: So maybe one of our old ads was like a big bang and crash in a warehouse and you heard everything sort of fall over and the beep beep beep from the forklift. And then it went into 'You need better storage,' blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and then said CJ Browns. Um, so I've kind of come back from that back to conventional. But yeah, I definitely—

Speaker A: how did it— yeah, how did that go? I like that. That's kind of a pattern interrupt. Uh, did it go okay? Do you remember?

Speaker B: Yeah, we had it on for probably a good 2 and a half, 3 years, um, running with, um, our tire accessories is an old farmer on a on his farm and his tractor wheel blows or something like that. So you're just like, ah, darn. It's a bit unconventional like that as well.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I wonder if we could, if we could just do one that is, that is a little bit different, that, that something that makes me listen, stop, listen. And, you know, it almost like tapping into a frustration that I have as a a warehouse guy or a farmer or whatever, an office. So maybe if we just pick one persona, let's say the shelving one.

Speaker B: So I'd probably lean towards sort of racking as our main money bringer in our office. Yeah. And the fact that everyone has to comply to Australian standards and they have to, you know, do it right.

Speaker A: What happens if I don't— let's say, so that's for— let's say if I have a warehouse, that's me, right? I have a warehouse and I need some Australian standard shelving. What happens if I don't have— if I don't comply?

Speaker B: So I think WorkSafe Australia, whoever they are, have increased their workplace inspections throughout the region. If they don't comply, I'm sure they get fined and things like that.

Speaker A: What's it called?

Speaker B: WorkSafe Australia, I think they're called, or work—

Speaker C: I should know this.

Speaker A: Do people know about— do you think people with warehouses generally know about this?

Speaker B: We've had a little bit of feedback from our auditing ad saying, oh, I didn't realize we had to get our racking checked every 12 months. So that is actually informing them at the moment. So some people don't realize. Big corporations who we inspect have to get it done through all their policies of sort of Australian— sort of, they're already up there with that because they've got a big company who understand all the Australian laws. But the smaller guys, I don't think always do.

Speaker C: No, always, you know, that— I think that's one of the greatest challenges actually, small business. They don't have the people around them to be that, that big business or larger businesses have, those people who are more the quality assurance, assurance people, whereas small businesses are trying to do everything. It's very easy to miss all of this governance and regulation, but there's no excuses either. That's the thing.

Speaker B: They have to be up to standard. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I wonder if we could do one that is a little bit, a bit fear-focused, slightly, without, you know, being too fear-driven. But for example, one of the ads that we, we work with this company that works with cosmetic clinics in Australia, and one of their campaigns that works really well is the whole compliant with the APRA guidelines that are very strict in Australia. And that, that works really well because everyone is like, oh, I want to comply because otherwise my business gets fined $100 grand. So, so maybe, you know, one ad that could tap a little, make me want to pay attention a bit about, oh, because if somebody tells me that, oh, WorkSafe Australia has increased the audits on warehouse racking, then I want to kind of know a little bit more because I don't want to get into trouble. Yeah, okay.

Speaker B: So maybe like for the audio, you could almost have like a tape screech to stop the radio and then a few beep beeps and then go, did you know, and have it as like a really plain.

Speaker A: Yeah, I like that idea. Yeah, I like that. And then just not too fearful, more like, you know, did you know that work and maybe you can get ChatGPT to help you refine the messaging bit, but just did you know that WorkSafe Australia has increased the audits on warehouse racking? And then, but don't worry, you know, we're here to help you assess your current warehouse to help you make sure you're compliant. Give us a call or visit this website to book in for— because you do assessments, right?

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah, we do audits as well. So there would be— it'd probably be good to have another 15-second for audits running instead of the 30. So they all sort of get a little bit more frequency.

Speaker A: Or, um, we are here to help. Book in for, uh, it's free, the audio is free.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Oh no.

Speaker C: Okay, you know what's got me, what's got me thinking is, I know this sounds gruesome, it's not, it's not overly expensive, but if there's something you can play with in terms of, you know, like racking, you know, you're being put on the rack and you're being You know, something like along the lines of, you don't want to be— I don't know, somehow, you know, find yourself, you know, in that awkward situation where you're being stretched. And, you know, it's a metaphor almost of that being stretched and racked or something like that. But don't worry, you know, we're here to help. You won't get put on the rack because you've done the wrong thing.

Speaker B: Yeah, out to dry.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Maybe write that idea down too. And then maybe, you know, have a little brainstorm, which I'll try to help you. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Positioning us is like, don't worry, we're here. We know what we're doing.

Speaker A: I think it's a good angle to try. It's, it's how you educate them to say, hey, did you know? And because a lot of people will go, I didn't know, but now that I know, I better make sure that I'm compliant.

Speaker C: Yeah, we'll keep you off the rack.

Speaker A: We'll keep you off the record. But that's the rack is obviously a better— is a better—

Speaker B: I'm sure chat will have some good metaphors for racking.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I think that, that I would try one angle like that. And then the other ones.

Speaker B: I mean, I, I ended up with these. I kind of put in my ideas and then put them into chat a bit. Then, sorry, he always comes back and was like, yes, that sounds great, blah, blah, blah. So I said, do you always have to be so agreeable? Point out what I can improve and fix. And it came back and it was a bit more direct and better, better feedback, which was good.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Because this angle here is really about, it's about having to not keep buying new things all the time, right? This angle is kind of about buy once, keep forever. That's, is that kind of the angle?

Speaker B: I think that's a little bit our motto really too, is that we try and just stock really great quality stuff. It might be a little bit more expensive than Bunnings, but Um, yeah, buy once, keep it forever sort of thing.

Speaker A: Yeah, I wonder if that can be spelled out a little bit more here, because, because that's another objection I would assume that people have, is that warehouses, they have to keep buying new things because they keep, yeah, falling apart.

Speaker B: I think in the, the plastics one I said Aussie made, built to last a lifetime, not a season. I don't know if that's kind of where you're going with that, but yeah, yeah, I think that's good.

Speaker A: That's— I think that's really good, especially for a regional area. Aussie-made, you know, that's really quite important because there's lots of Chinese knockoffs, I would assume.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: Is, is this an important name, Fisher Plastics?

Speaker B: So Fisher Plastics is— yeah, is the Australian company, and we've really always tried to promote Fisher Plastics because they used to be in Bunnings, um, and they're a good product, but Bunnings to screw them down on price, and then, um, they, they wouldn't budge. So they've been taken out of Bunnings as the brand, but, um, Bunnings then like went to China and copied a lot of their products, um, and they're a bit inferior. So yeah, I think, yeah, they're a strong brand who support us really well. So yeah. Is it bad always starting— or not always, but starting with negatives and getting that negative mindset?

Speaker C: Oh, she's disappeared. We've lost her. She's disappeared.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Wow. Oh, she's back again. Oh, there you are.

Speaker A: Sorry, I just— my internet, I think, just kicked me out here.

Speaker C: Are you back?

Speaker A: I think something is happening with my internet. There we go. Yes, the— I—

Speaker B: all I heard is, is it bad to, uh, is it bad to start with negatives and being sort of a negative mindset even though you're trying to address that problem?

Speaker A: It's not good or bad. I think it's bad if it doesn't work.

Speaker C: What about if you started with, um, uh, if rather than maybe want to stop wasting money on cheap store— but I think you could try, I guess it's experimentation— but what about if you actually went with, um, the reverse of that, you know, so spend, you know, quality over quantity or something like that, you know. You know, we, I mean, you obviously stock, okay, so you're stocking the Fisher plastic. So, you know, we stock the original quality blah blah, you know, not some sort of cheap, um, copied product.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's important to have good quality plastics if you're storing things for a long amount of time too.

Speaker A: So they're all graded and yeah, even like if you, you know, because sometimes a question that makes you stop when you listen to the radio, you know, did you know that most plastic storage doesn't last longer than, than blah, blah, blah.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: You know, and maybe you just have to, again, just fact-check a little bit. Um, that's why we've partnered with premium brand or, or, you know, The Fisher, premium brand Fisher, storage, blah, blah, blah, you know, something along those lines. So yes, definitely. So is it bad to do only negative? I think the best thing to do is to do both. Yeah, the, you know, the negative angle and the positive angle. And then when people come and buy, the ones that actually come and buy, I would ask them, hey, what do you remember what you heard on the radio that made you come in? And just get some feedback on the actual buyers.

Speaker B: See what's important.

Speaker A: Yeah, see what they say. If they say, well, I heard your thing about that most plastic stuff out there doesn't last, then you know that's the thing that drove them. Or maybe they'll say, oh, I heard that you guys sell Aussie-made racking. That's what got me interested. Yep. So, so I think these, these are great. It's a good start what you've got here. Maybe just if we just do one or two that have a slightly different, different feel there. Yeah. And because a lot of those radio ads are just a bit, a bit too promotey, like we are amazing, this and that. So if we can maybe start more with like a question, did you know? That WorkSafe Australia has increased its audits in this region. You know, even if you say something like that, in our local region, then I'm gonna definitely pay attention.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's true.

Speaker A: In our region. And then just get some feedback on it. I think you've done really a really good job, and I do think that radio ads for your business are a great idea.

Speaker B: Yeah, they seem to be the thing that works consistently for us.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah, awesome.

Speaker C: Because a lot of— I guess a lot of storage places have their radios on, or people are driving around and they have their radio on and things like that.

Speaker B: Yeah, a lot of the businesses we do sell to just have radios in their showroom. I mean, we do, we just have it on.

Speaker C: Yeah, just—

Speaker A: yeah. Yeah, exactly. Great. And awesome work, Katherine. Did you have— did you say you wanted to ask a question?

Speaker C: Yeah, I do have a question. I've been looking at my Google Analytics and I've noticed some increase in traffic and things like that, but I guess what I'm not getting is the conversion. But I I'm not totally fluent in understanding the data in some respects. I just know that there's been an increase, which is good. But how does that then— how do I then convert? And so I took the statistics and put it into ChatGPT, and ChatGPT said, this is pretty good stuff. And I said, are you just saying that? And it said, no, no, no. You know, it's, it's quite, it's pretty good because I'm, if I sort of bring up the statistics actually.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, I'll make you, I'll make you a co-host.

Speaker C: So I'll go and find Google Analytics. Right. Okay, that's the one. Am I sharing the right screen?

Speaker A: Yes, we can see the— yeah, we can see the data.

Speaker C: Okay, all right, so Here I can see the last—

Speaker A: that's the last—

Speaker C: how—

Speaker A: what's the time frame on this? Well, um, uh, wait, where is the time frame? Oh, last 7 days. Yeah, at the bottom there, last 7 days, I think.

Speaker C: Okay, last 7 days.

Speaker A: You could even do 30 days.

Speaker C: Last 30 days.

Speaker A: It's gone. All these numbers have gone up. But so yes, I think it, it looks great. And then when you do the dropdown, I think it tells you exactly what the—

Speaker C: it does. But I'll just show you this.

Speaker A: So reports, I would look at if you go back to the other page there quickly, which is really interesting, is the countries because sometimes you get a lot of people from China, but that doesn't really help you. And I've had that on my personal website too, where I'm like, oh my God, I have like 10,000 visitors. Well, 9,000 are from China. Some weird thing going on.

Speaker C: Okay, well, China is number one. Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, which is not completely ideal in your case.

Speaker C: No. And what is that?

Speaker A: Why?

Speaker C: Why?

Speaker A: What's— not sure. Maybe— look, actually, I'm not sure, but I've had it too. Let's see if ChatGPT has an answer on that. But that's a good also indicator to go, well, is this useful traffic. Well, if most of it is from China, not super useful. Brazil, Singapore, Australia, US is okay. So yes, so it looks like traffic has gone up, but in China, which is not good.

Speaker B: You can block your website from China so that you don't skew your results.

Speaker C: And then there's this 12,000k event count. And again, I don't really know what all of this.

Speaker A: Uh, wait, let's see. Active users 3,000, new users— new users, that doesn't even make sense. New users 3,000, event count.

Speaker B: Let's see.

Speaker A: And I've just asked, why do I— I just said to ChatGPT, why do I have so many messages from China? Because I wonder if it's, you know, Yeah, bot and scraper traffic, referral spam in analytics, fake hit. Okay, so when I asked ChatGPT why do you have so many Chinese visitors, it's— that's what it said is So it's bot and scraper traffic, referral. What does scraper traffic mean? I don't know exactly what they're trying to say.

Speaker B: Scraping data from your website? Is that part of that?

Speaker C: Possibly.

Speaker A: Spam tools. I have it on my personal website. I get a lot of Chinese visitors too. So there might be some, yeah, some spam thing going on, but it's not like dangerous or anything. We might just have to figure out how to get less. So easy fixes, turn on bot filtering in Google Analytics. There's a few things that ChatGPT tells me to do with inside Google Analytics that I think will be easier if probably to just go step by step. But here, if we look at even just some of the useful data, So your blog gets a lot of you more views. You can see, yeah, events and webinar page too. And then you can see where the, where the users come from. So direct— I wonder why there's so many direct ones. I wonder if that is the The spam stuff, because then the, the fun stuff comes below the, the direct non-source, you know, active users by source at the bottom, on the bottom left of your screen. Yeah, but that looks like the 3,600 looks like that's spam. And then you can see, for example, from Facebook you have 17 people, from LinkedIn 8. ChatGPT, you had two people came from ChatGPT, which is really interesting.

Speaker C: I actually had somebody contact me and she said, oh, I did a search and you came up in ChatGPT, which is awesome.

Speaker A: We're doing, Chris is doing a whole session on how to show up in, in LLMs, so in ChatGPT and the likes, I think in two weeks. But one of them is like frequently asked questions, longer form. Blogs, like you also have that. Just that first bit there, I wonder how we could filter, and this is sort of a ChatGPT step-by-step question, the 3,600, because that's not really real stuff. There are visitors from I think there's some spam stuff that you can turn on in Google Analytics. I'm just asking ChatGPT. But the interesting thing is that, so, you know, you would think because you're pretty active on LinkedIn, do you get more people coming to you from Facebook?

Speaker C: Which is weird because I don't post in Facebook the way that I post in LinkedIn.

Speaker A: Is that been weird?

Speaker C: I've got, I mean, I've got two Facebook. I've got my own personal sort of Facebook and then I've got Maverick Minds Facebook, but I don't, I don't really use Facebook in the same way. And I don't even know what referral actually means in that regard. What does that actually mean?

Speaker A: It just means that the traffic comes from that source. So referral traffic. Okay, so that's— it means it comes from, from there. Here we go.

Speaker B: I wonder if they search for you on Facebook and then find your page and then click on your URL to get to your web page that way.

Speaker C: I have no idea.

Speaker A: I don't know. I'm just asking ChatGPT how to do this thing with the Because as I said, I have suddenly 4,000 visitors that are not attributed to a source, you know, the first, the 3,600. Yeah.

Speaker C: And what does direct mean? That means they're coming straight to your website without any—

Speaker A: Well, apparently it's actually just a mix of dark traffic, plus dark traffic as in just random spam traffic and bots. And it says none because they can't attribute where it comes from.

Speaker C: Right. Well, yeah, we can minimize that actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, so maybe if you ask ChatGPT, it gives me a whole bunch of steps that I need to do.

Speaker C: Okay, I'll have a look at it.

Speaker A: Go into admin data settings, data filters, enable internal, you know, all this techie stuff that Actually, if you just go and follow step by step, yeah, you can turn on filters so that you don't get that. I had that too on my website, I think, and I was like, okay, that's not helpful. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: And then the other thing is, would be interesting, you already saw which pages at the top. Do we have the time that people spend on?

Speaker C: No. And do you know, this is really weird. I can't get a reading on the average engagement time per activity. And I've asked ChatGPT about that a few times and it says, Oh, you know, Google does this and it does that, but your real, um, it, it says to go to engagement, um, and pages and screens, um, and you can start to get some more information there, but it still doesn't give that average engagement time per active user. I think it depends on how long people hang around for. But the other thing is, I, yeah, I guess it's, well, why isn't that reading? So it said to me, am I doing my GA for Google Analytics, the most recent thing? Well, I am activated for that. So it should by rights be reading engagement time. But I never seem to get any reading on that.

Speaker A: I don't see that either. What about in engagement overview? Does it give you anything there?

Speaker C: Yeah, no, see, it's pretty—

Speaker A: 0 seconds average time per user, says 0 seconds on the top left there.

Speaker C: But if I— and if I do a posts on LinkedIn and I link it to my website, I can see pretty quickly that people go there and I'll start to see that traffic in real time skewed as well from that other Chinese traffic that it's just scanning through your website.

Speaker B: It's not actually staying on a page, so it's changing your results.

Speaker A: I think you might be right because Yeah, that's, that's all. I think that's probably what's happening because it says 0 seconds. So maybe you're right, maybe the 4,000 people, they're not really staying on there and they're skewing the data here. So maybe I reckon as a next step, if you ask ChatGPT how to get rid of the fake bots, Chinese traffic, yeah, by adding some of the— there were some steps that it's given me to go through. Disable that data so that you get a real accurate picture, and then maybe the engagement rate will go up.

Speaker C: I might have a chat with my web person too, actually, and ask.

Speaker A: Yeah, because there might even be some— although you don't get any— do you get leads that are weird bot leads? Because we do get that. It's like spam. No, you don't get that.

Speaker C: No, I don't. And that's why the spam thing is funny, because I don't really get spammy. Um, there, you know, and there you go, something's popped up to say active users in last 30 minutes. Now I don't know if either of you have been onto my website, then no, not yet. No, and I don't think it can register that quickly. I think it takes a little bit of time. So somebody has looked at facilitation workshops, yeah, you know, in the last 30 30 minutes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Um, if I go to real-time pages, I wonder what comes up. There you can see views in the last 2, active users in the last 30 minutes 1, views in the last 30 minutes 2.

Speaker B: I've just jumped on the 2 to see if that made a difference.

Speaker A: Have you used heat maps to see where people go?

Speaker C: No.

Speaker A: There's a free tool. I've used this quite a bit to analyze the Ocean Lovers website. It's a Microsoft tool. I'm pretty sure it's free. I definitely didn't pay for it when I used it, and it's quite interesting. So I've just popped it into the chat. It's called Microsoft Clarity. I think you can just download it. I'm pretty sure I even managed to install it myself, and I'm super not techie. And then it will, it will record people's actions on your website. So you can then see this person that just looked at this facilitation page. You can see where they've clicked on your website and you will see, so you will see every, every session that people have come and it won't record the bots because the bots don't do anything on your website. And then, you know, once a week you can go in and you can click on videos that will show you just how the cursor is moving on your website. So that, I reckon that could be an interesting one to look at in combination with the Google Analytics, probably even more insightful. Yeah. Where people go and if they click away and if they click away from the same page without taking action, you know, okay, I might have to have a better call to action here. So, so maybe try that one. Have you tried that one too, Emma?

Speaker B: No, I had a different one written down, but I hadn't uploaded it.

Speaker A: Hotjar is the other one.

Speaker C: Okay. Hotjar. Yes.

Speaker B: I hadn't looked at it. So you recommend Clarify, Clarity?

Speaker A: They're both, they're both good. I've used both. I've used Hotjar. I'm not sure if Hotjar is still free. And they were both very similar. I've used Hotjar for basic analysis. I've used the Microsoft Clarity for ocean lovers. And they were both, they both looked very similar.

Speaker C: The other one that ChatGPT had recommended or said something about is Looker Studio dashboard. That shows your true engagement time and active pages clearly, so you can avoid that misleading zeros altogether. I haven't done that yet, but that it's mentioned that a couple of times now.

Speaker A: I don't know what, what studio dashboard are they talking about? Oh, Google, maybe the Google Studio.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I think it's a Google one. Studio.

Speaker A: Have you used that, Emma?

Speaker B: I think someone told me about it a while ago, but I haven't looked.

Speaker A: Well, looked at that one.

Speaker B: Oh, so it does Google Analytics reporting as well.

Speaker C: That's interesting. User engagement events that drive that metric. GA4 tracks a hidden event called user engagement However, this event fires roughly every 10 seconds while the page is in focus. However, if the user clicks away to another tab or app, even briefly, that event stops firing. So mobile visitors who read while multitasking often show zeros.

Speaker B: Does it do heat mapping as well?

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just looking at that too.

Speaker C: In plain terms, it says GA4's main summary is a headline board, quick but incomplete. The engagement report is the real story. You're seeing zeros not because people aren't engaging, but because GA4 summary view doesn't always update the engagement field until enough validated engaged sessions occur or data is fully processed. You can use something like that Looker Studio dashboard that shows true engagement.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I reckon I would try one of these, either Microsoft Clarity or Hotjar, the free version, to see people's behavior on the website, because you won't have hundreds and thousands of visitors, so there's not that many to actually analyze. But I think it would be interesting to see where people click and what their behavior is so that you can move forward.

Speaker C: I guess the next question in and around all of that is, you know, that conversion. You know, how do you get people even— and I know that there might be this odd, um, uh, or arbitrary sort of, you know, bot scrolling or whatever the case might be, but for the, the legitimate ones, the, the legitimate views or, um, connections. And I know that there are because I can see the direct correlation when I do a LinkedIn LinkedIn post and I say you can read the full story from my, you know, the newsletter or what have you, I know that pretty soon afterwards I can see that people have, will have engaged from that LinkedIn post, gone to the blog and kind of read it. You know, just that how to kind of move people along from, I don't know, just reading it to actually connect, doing something, doing something. Exactly.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think the, the way to do that, and I'm just on your website too, so it might even show up in the Google Analytics. I think it's about testing different, different call to actions. So you've got some downloadables here, like the complimentary guide, you've got the 5 essential steps.

Speaker B: So there's a lot of, I guess, a lot of writing in the blurb to start with, with not a lot of call to action. Maybe there's like that first under your header in that first bar, you could have like a, some call to actions of what you want people to do, like direct them maybe a bit more.

Speaker A: But even in the blog post, I think just very simple solutions is, you know, in a blog post, a very clear call to action depending on what the topic is about to then go, hey, if you are curious about how your company can do this. We would love to have a booking for a 15-minute chat with Katherine, or, you know, something very tangible like that. And the more that they read about it, the more hopefully people will want to book in for a chat. Or one thing that we just did this morning, Kevin was speaking at an event in the Gold Coast, and he did a scorecard with people. And his talk, his talk was, I think, was on profit maximization and AI. And so he did that our team put together this scorecard where people clicked on the QR code and then they filled in 10 or so questions that then at the end gave them a score in terms of how well they're doing in terms of profit optimization. And that then gave leads that, that he collected 30 leads from the one event because it was a tangible thing that where it said, and you can do this in a blog post too, where it said, hey, we've got this thing, whatever it is. Click here to, to, to do an assessment, a self-assessment. And then that's the first way for you to get in contact, or for them to get in contact with you. And then obviously for you, it's so much about nurturing. You know this, I don't have to tell you that. It's getting them in, and then what's the next little thing? Maybe it's a phone call to see if they want to chat a bit more, or if they want to test something, or, or read more about the a case study or whatever it is. So it's just about how can we use a blog post to get them to take one tiny little bit of action closer to wanting to talk to you.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. I keep thinking that I'm doing call to actions in the blogs, you know, like, you know, what can I say? I kind of feel that I'm always putting one now because I'm conscious of it.

Speaker A: I can see at the last one it says here, download your copy here.

Speaker C: Maybe it's not direct enough.

Speaker A: No, especially simple. Grab copy, try the prompts, then talk about where you are now. Download your copy here. What copy of what am I downloading? With the So, so I'm just on the last blog post, for example.

Speaker C: That, that's that 5 Essential Steps to Cat— to Catalyze Change. So download your copy of that. So I've tried to summarize those questions in the blog, but there's more detail in the download.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's, that's an okay. I'm just clicking on it here. Download your copy here. I think that first call to action, because it's taking me then to a bit more detail about what I'm downloading, download your complimentary guide, 5 essential— I think that, that pop-up box is great. And then maybe they just like, and it will take time for people to take any sort of action. The more that they get to know you and the more that we have, hey, do you want to get this or do you want to get this? Something will eventually, if they're the right person, stick. Get in touch is also just maybe a little bit broad. Maybe it could be, you know, I wonder what else it could be more specific about. Why should I get in touch?

Speaker C: 'Get in touch,' or, or, 'Would you like to have a coffee chat?' Something maybe slightly more specific than 'get in touch.' I wonder if this is something that we can work on, the experiences, to think about, you know, calls to action that are— I guess we all have in our businesses some specifics and some generics, maybe, you know, and I wonder if there is something there to get some real clarity because I think I, I think I try to, sometimes I might not be doing it as well as I could. I don't know what I don't know, or I don't know, you know, again, it's all part of the process in many respects.

Speaker A: Do you run any also? Because I'm thinking again, I think you're also being a little bit maybe, what's the word? It's normal to not get that many leads from a website. So if you get 10% of visitors, that's really good. 10-20% for a business like yours. So I don't, I'm not expecting a lot of leads from a blog post. However, maybe we can optimize things. Do you do any free masterclasses or little teasers? Because you're— it's all for you. It's all about facilitation. It's all about I'm buying you. Yeah. Do you do any? So if I read this blog post and I haven't really— I don't know much about you, but somebody sent me this to read because I'm a leader in a team and she's freaking everyone out. The next thing that I would probably want is also to just see you in action. Do you do any?

Speaker C: I don't really. I, I don't.

Speaker A: Would you, or is it a waste of your time, you think?

Speaker C: I don't know. I, you know, I mean, I, I do things like, you know, It's a Wrap, and, you know, and, um, and I, with the Innovation Playground that we did, I've taken some snippets and videos and kind put that in, you know, as part of the blog and, you know, shared it on LinkedIn. But I guess I'd have to sort of figure out what it is that I do. And I know how much effort it takes to actually get people to come to anything. And it's like, is that where I put time and energy? Or what else is it? You know, is it that more— is my time better off being spent I don't know, contacting people directly or, or just looking for opportunities. And is it online? Is that the right place? You know, I've got— I was just going to say, like, this— these people who contacted me about— from the chat thing, they're recruitment people. And from that, I'm going to do something with them, with their, um, a particular group they have, women excuse me, women in finance. So I'm going to do something with them. So I do do things, you know, that are, that are freebies as such, probably at various sorts of times. But I probably don't have something that's very specific, you know, in terms of the innovation playground that you did with us.

Speaker A: That's quite replicable, I think. Replicable, if that's the right word, for other people to see what you do. And it's not too much effort, I think, from your side as a fun thing for people to, to get more innovative. And, and it's, it's, it's applicable to whether I'm a leader or a senior person or a junior person. That session, I think, would be useful for any level. Given that you are in facilitation, that's your thing, you're a consultant, coach, consultant, facilitator. I wonder if it would be useful to see you in action as one, as one call to action. And even if it's just a, even if you ran a monthly or quarterly 40-minute session, a lunch and learn 40-minute masterclass online, and you invited people, because also when you reach out to people, let's say you reach out to people on LinkedIn, You still need to have the first next thing. If it's a cold person, what's the next thing? And if it's a cold outreach, it would be, hey, Franziska, we, um, I'm about to host another innovation playground session. They've been very popular. Some testimonials from basic knowledge, etc. Would you love to join us? You will definitely walk away with some new ideas. And then that's the next thing to invite people to that is low risk for me as a potential client.

Speaker C: And that would be a free offering as such.

Speaker A: Yeah, it would be like a 45-minute come and have a lunch session with us, a playground session. We're heading to the innovation playground over lunch. Do you want to join us for 45 minutes? Bring your lunch with you. And it's, it's a very low entry thing to do, and it's valuable for people to— that come and they get to see you in action. Even if you get 10 people that join you, yeah, surely someone from that will have a conversation to have to do something else in the future.

Speaker C: Yeah, okay. And what's the best way of promoting that? Is that something like Eventbrite or Humanitix to get people to register? Like, you know, if that whole registration— do people want to register, or, you know, how best to promote that to make it easy for people to— or do I say that I'm going to be online and whoever joins, joins, here's the link?

Speaker A: I would do a— I would definitely do a simple landing page on your website that describes what it is. So the Innovation Playground, we're meeting at the playground over lunch on this day, and this is what you get when you come, and this is why we do it, because we're all about helping people to stay innovative in these times of massive change and who it's for and who it's run by. So obviously a little bit about you, such as a simple landing page. And then you can also put it up on and that it's free. It will be linked to Zoom. So it will be a Zoom session. They do have to register on the website for free. So you get their details and they'll get a notification maybe a day before, hey, we're meeting tomorrow, making sure you, you're still joining us. And you can then also do an Eventbrite. What does— what we do, we usually have an Eventbrite page going too, just to capture a whole new audience. And then on your website, you have a very simple page where people can register. And then when you reach out on LinkedIn or when you do a blog post, you have the invitation on there. Or when you do reach out to old connections that you want to reactivate, you just send a message to Heidi. Hey, Heidi. Long time no see. I'm doing a fun innovation playground session. Do you want to join us?

Speaker C: Okay. And that landing page, can that be a permanent landing page or does it have to change or what does it need to?

Speaker A: I would say that's a permanent landing page and you just update the date. So you do the first one, maybe the first one, it will not be a huge success because it's the first one and then you do it again. And if it goes really well, you might do one a month.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: That might be a very easy way for you to nurture leads because otherwise the cold outreach is kind of like, hey, Franziska, I did this, do you want to chat? It's like, I don't know who you are. Yeah. But if you give me something that I don't really have to talk to you one-on-one, but I can come check you out, I know it's going to be valuable for me or my team. It's just a bit of a better outreach.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: I would say. So it's not, and it's not about doing more stuff. It's more about finding the right stuff to do and consolidating and then doing less of the other stuff. Because if that, if that works, and we can't give up after the first session, obviously, but if that works, and if you did that, if that was just your key strategy that you do once a month, you do a playground, and the rest of the time you're inviting people to come to that. And let people that have already come invite their people to come to that, that could easily snowball into something pretty cool.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And it's just a bit more of a, a sharper way to get people to do something with you.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And you don't have to do coffee chats because then maybe 10 people come instead of doing 10 coffee chats and spending 10 hours talking to 10 potential people. They come and maybe 2 people will be perfect for the next coffee chat. It's also a bit of a filter.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker A: Okay, it would be worth trying that. I'll show you, I'll send you the, uh, one of the landing pages. And this is— we just did this in— do you use Ontraport?

Speaker C: No, I don't.

Speaker A: Or any, it doesn't matter if you use Ontraport or not, but this is just, it's not even that sexy, this landing page. It's kind of, kind of okay. And this is just a landing page that one of my team, I think Heidi popped this up in, or Chris maybe put this up in Ontraport. It's got a really short descriptor at the top there. It's got the details of this free event. People book in and they get a Zoom link sent. They also get an email with all the details. I can't wait to see you there. And about 40% show up because it's a free event. So you will have to expect that probably half or less will show up.

Speaker C: Yeah, absolutely. If you get a third, you're doing okay.

Speaker A: And then if it suddenly goes really well, you might start— if you convert people from there and you can see you're making money from this, then The next step can be looking at paid ads too. But I wouldn't start with that. I would start with the cold outreach on LinkedIn, reactivating some of your past people and giving them a good reason to come to the playground. And then the playground needs to be really good too, obviously, but you're doing a good job on that.

Speaker C: Okay, well, I think I'll work towards that, probably kick off next year, you know, rather than Yeah, next year, or, you know, it's also when you do speaking gigs.

Speaker A: I don't want to put pressure on you, but if you did whip this up, might be too short notice because you could also invite— you will need some sort of a call to action. You don't need to, but your talk at the experience, you kind of want to leverage that too.

Speaker C: I do. And maybe that's something to have. I don't know whether or not I'll have I don't think that I will have it up before.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So I guess the call to action is going to be, I think it's to have a conversation really with people, anything else, invite people to have a conversation to say, tell me what's going on with you and how I might be able to help you with what's going on in your business, team development, team coaching, leadership. Work. Somebody said to me, maybe— she said, maybe you need a menu on your website, because, you know, I do a range of things, and I guess it's sometimes hard to explain to people, you know, what that is. And she said, you know, like, you know, you've got your leadership superpowers, you've got your cards, you've got this, you've got that, you know. Do you need just a a menu that people can sort of see at least clearly what you do. So it's like, okay, well fine, and then where does that go on the website and all of those sorts of things. And then you go back to, do I need to review my website, which I only did relatively a long time ago.

Speaker A: I think it— your website is great, and if it can have the menu under services, and also if I scroll down It tells me you do coaching, facilitation, creative leadership. I think the most important part which you're doing, even in your tagline, is there are a lot of coaches out there. What is your thing? And your thing here, it tells me, is to shift your thinking. And you know, the headline here says innovative facilitation coaching. So because when I think about you, and maybe I'm wrong, But when I think about you, you're quite niche and different in the coaching space in terms of you use creativity and curiosity to shift our thinking. So I think we don't really need a whole, we don't need to change the website. I think the only thing we need to keep honing in on is what is your thing. And I think that is part of what your thing is, the creativity. Curiosity to help us shift our thinking in these crazy times. So, so that's more the thing that I would have more prominent. You, you already have it, Chrissy. You have here creative leadership, human connection. Do you have some sort of a catchphrase if somebody asks you what is your— what do you help people with? Do you have a A short phrase that you—

Speaker C: elevator pitch?

Speaker A: Yeah, like if I said, hey, if you only had like 2 sentences to tell me, what, what do you do?

Speaker C: Well, I help people to shift their thinking, change perspective, and create positive change. They would be the key things that I would, you know, I guess that's the thing that really comes out easily for me. Anything else starts to become like, oh, Oh, you know, but it's, it is really about helping people shift their thinking, helping people to, to work well and to create positive change in, in, in, you know, for themselves or for their team or for their organization.

Speaker B: Yeah, that, that stands out to me is that shift your thinking through creative leadership. Like, that's simple and it just stands out. And then you could have, you know, your blurb under that. But yeah, yeah, maybe that needs to be the more of the heading on the top of the website with Shift Your Thinking.

Speaker A: And really, and then just, I think you kind of have it there. It's just, it's just under your logo there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And Shift Your Thinking. Why, why do I need to shift my thinking so that I can, we already said it, so that I can create positive change? Why else? Why do I need to shift my thinking?

Speaker C: Well, I've got here, you know, I tried to be clear again about, you know, innovative facilitation and coaching services transforming organizations through creative leadership and human connection. Uh, I tried to put that call to action up pretty quickly about, you know, about here's something to download, you know, um, because you know, if people are going to get in touch with me, I want them to kind of— it's almost to a degree give them some information to help them go, what can you help me with? Well, these would be the questions that I would ask in the process. That guide is meant to be helping people to think about, um, their needs. The change that they're thinking. Why would they engage a facilitator? Well, if you're going to engage a facilitator, it's, it's got to be because some sort of change is required, needed. Otherwise you're not a coach or facilitator. It ultimately— I'm not a— I don't call myself a change agent, but at the heart of what I do is actually about change.

Speaker A: I think it's great that— and even because one of your strengths is creativity, and you have it even involved here, creativity is imperative into today's environment. Because you are also creative. Many coaches are not creative. I think, you know, it's always about, and it takes like, this is a forever changing thing, even for all my keynotes that I do. Every time I do a keynote somewhere, and I just came back and did one in Cape Town, and I come back, I'm like, I think I need to update my website because actually I'm a little bit more more about curiosity now than I am about courage. Tomorrow it's going to be a different thing again because we're always evolving.

Speaker C: We are evolving, absolutely.

Speaker A: And I don't beat myself up about it. Like, I literally— and then sometimes I don't do anything. I just make a note. I'm like, actually, I need to add something more about curiosity because I think that's where it's at. And then next month it will be something else. And that's good. But I do think that we have to find a bit the thing that makes you, you. And I know that what makes you you is your creativity. So I think that can be a constant throughout, and it is. I can see it on your website.

Speaker B: It's just a lot of words to digest in the first visual, I think.

Speaker C: Which, and what?

Speaker B: Landing straight on your page, it's just a lot of words to digest. That's just my only feedback. I just, it's all important information, but it's not as catchy. I don't know, is that what you're looking for?

Speaker C: Well, it's interesting because that homepage was a page that I worked on, which I worked on with CJ, which I brought to Basic Bananas. And it was kind of given the sort of tick, really.

Speaker B: Yeah, it does. It is good and it says what it needs to say. But that first heading sometimes can be a bit grabbier. I mean, I find I'm changing our header pages constantly.

Speaker C: So which part are you talking about? Are you talking about the innovative facilitation and coaching services?

Speaker B: Transforming, organized, they're all big words. They're just big to digest straight up. That's all. That, that would only be right. The people who are going to your page, that might be exactly what they're looking for. But I just, I found it's a lot to digest in one sort of quick view. Is there something that you could catch straight away and then you go into a bit more information? Because it is important information.

Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know.

Speaker A: I think, I think for now I would just not worry about it. Because also, you know this too, Catherine, tomorrow you ask someone else, they'll tell you something else.

Speaker C: I know, exactly. It just does my head in sometimes. Something, it's like, sorry.

Speaker A: No, I reckon, and it's okay, we all get this, we all have. And then tomorrow somebody will say the opposite and then to today it is, I would just leave this as it is until you think that it needs to be something else. And then you'll change it according to what you want and what you want to portray. And in the meantime, I would give this playground a trial because it's a good session and it's a good teaser for people who don't know you. Because if I don't know you, you're, you're a facilitator, coach, change agent, which you're not. But you are, I wanna, I'm buying you. I'm not buying really anything other than you. So I need to see you. I need to know that you can connect with me, with my people. I need to know that you can make me think differently. I need to see that you are creative. So maybe for now, focus on trialing it, give it one go and make it a 40-minute session, not an hour, 40 minutes for you.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Absolutely.

Speaker A: And give it a go and see what happens and get the feedback from the people.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. So in that session, it would just be, I'd have to truncate it compared to what I did with basic bananas. Um, it'd be a little bit more directive and then maybe just some little interactive thing.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. And just as long as, as long as you know that they're going to walk away going, this was really cool. Yeah. I really enjoyed my lunch. Today. I didn't just waste it scrolling on social media. I actually learned something. Then, you know, that you can even use all that copy when you talk to people, say, you know, most people spend their lunch breaks on Facebook wasting 40 minutes. How about we instead practice creativity? Because creativity is a skill, you know, just use whatever language you know is true. But something that will make me go like, oh my God, that's so true. I literally just spent 40 minutes wasting going down a rabbit hole watching bullshit reels. I could do that, use that time to be more creative.

Speaker C: Yeah, no, that sounds good.