Speaker A: Welcome to this week's advisory board, and I hope everybody's doing very, very well. And we will be rolling through a bunch of questions that have been sent through. So as usual, just before I dive into it, keeping in mind, as always, there's no right or wrong or good or bad or any judgment on anything anybody says or shares. Especially if you've got an idea for someone else, more brains are always better than one or two. So feel free to jump in if you have a thought or any of your own experience that will benefit someone else in relation to their question as well as we roll throughout. And that would be awesome. We've got a lot of familiar faces. Kayla, Lynette, hey, Jen, hey, Matt, hey, Emma. And we've got some newer faces. Hey, Paul.

Speaker B: Hello.

Speaker A: Hello, good to see you. Hey, Michelle and Joe, we can see you're arriving in the background there. I can't see you yet, but we can see your name. What I'm going to do is share my screen. Let's just make sure I share the right one. Cool. So you should be able to see the Welcome to the Advisory Board kind of COVID slide there now. And yeah, and keeping in mind too, as we roll throughout, you know, there's any idea is a good idea. So don't worry about, you can either come off mute and chat or feel free to use the typing chat there. There's a little chat icon on the Zoom dashboard. You can type in the chat any thoughts, insights, any knowledge you'd like to share at all, just go for it. Now we will roll through in this sequence as the questions basically arrived with us, with Heidi on our team. Matt, you're up first, then Jen, then Paul, then Emma. There's a few parts to some of these questions, so there'll be a bit we'll get straight into. I won't chitchat too much. We'll get straight into it. And so, Matt, you're first up. You've got a new product Can you share more, you sneaky boy? What's this new product? Is this the chick, the eggs, chickens?

Speaker B: Yeah. So, so I'm just thinking about pricing strategy. Yeah. We believe it'll be a superior product, but we don't necessarily need to price it any more than what the premium is already in the market. My suspicion is that So premium eggs are pasture-raised eggs, and, um, they're already, I think, sitting probably pretty high in terms of price. Um, you know, the, the only thing that's dearer than that is an organic pastured egg, which is sitting at around $15, $16 a dozen. Pastured are sitting at around $12 a dozen retail. Sometimes they're dearer than that. But yeah, we, I guess, what does it do in terms of, it depends where you're—

Speaker A: perception. Yeah.

Speaker B: If you come in and you say, well, we're the same, well, I assume that, you know, it's no better product.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. The, so if anyone's wondering what we're talking, you're talking about forest raised chickens, the eggs. Forest-raised chickens. And, and for those who are new to Basic Banana, so Matt has an existing business, a kid in the tree gardens, and then launching this new product line, which is, well, new offering, which is basically eggs from forest-raised chickens. Now, with you, like, price definitely impacts the perception of the quality. So there's obviously a few moving parts to a question like this. Like, there's, staying higher price will create a better perception. That it's better. And just keeping in mind in general for just about all products, it's harder to go up with price later than it is to kind of come down a little bit. Going up can lose people or piss people off because then they've— it's almost like you've achieved the perception at the rate you came in with. So that's where we know the— that's where we think the quality sits. And then you put the price up, we feel like we're being overcharged for something that we believe is now down here. Yep. So it also depends on the customers you're selling to though. Like, you know, with, with depending on where you're selling, you can sometimes sell with discounts. Like you can create a higher perception. So you could come in at, you know, the absolute top $15, $16 even, and then go intro purchase trial forest raised eggs for, for $13, you know, and suddenly we're getting a deal even though you're charging a dollar more than the maybe the standard of what you were thinking anyway. You with me? But obviously that depends on the customer because if you're doing that to, I don't know, to Coles, that's under there, might not, might not be so interested in that. Or you might be able to like say, hey, look, this is what we're offering at the, you know, or where we think it would sit. They'll obviously probably set their own pricing if they're a giant like that and you just have to either deal with it or not. But selling direct for sure, that's usually how we'd sort of do it. You kind of like price it high Maybe you can do intro offers to get it out there, like first-time buyer offer to get some traction. Where are you thinking of selling them? Are you thinking like, is it, what's the—

Speaker B: So with our pilot farm, we'll probably do a mixture of retail and wholesale. The wholesale would be to, and because we'd only start with one farm, you know, it's only going to be independent grocers and butchers and stuff like that. We do, I do want to try some retail though, because I think having a mix is probably a good strategy.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I'm actually thinking a bit of an odd idea, but I'm thinking about putting some vending machines into gyms with eggs.

Speaker A: Yeah, classic.

Speaker B: Yeah, so there's, there's, there's egg vending machines and I don't know if any of you are into the, into the gym side of things, but, um, people are pretty obsessed with good quality eggs in the gym world. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it could go well.

Speaker A: It'd seem really specialized too if it's, you know, you're selling through the, uh, through the gyms. I read Mr. Strong to my son almost every night and he's So that's where we all learn that they make you strong. No, and that's, that sounds awesome. And I think it'll work with the, with that kind of pricing approach. You sort of put it out, here's the price. What you can do, like one pricing strategy is you come in high and you say it's let's say top $15 or even $16, you know, if you want a real high perception and then you can go intro offer is the same rate. As the others, or it's like, you know, join it like as a, like a, what would you call it? Like a, not like a founding, but like as an initial supplier, we'll match your current pricing even though our pricing is going to sit here. So as a, as someone who's joining us from the beginning, we're going to match you. So there's no risk to you, but to them there'll be a higher perception of value, but there'll be no risk because it's the same price as $12 a carton. Yeah. Well, like whatever your wholesale would be or whatever, you know, obviously be less than that. But if you, if you, if you work it that way, it kind of creates that like almost no risk but higher perception.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I think it probably depends on where we want to try and scale to because, you know, that $15, $16 a dozen is a high for most people. That's quite a high price for eggs. So, um, if you want to scale and not have a problem getting rid of them, then probably we need to be sitting a bit lower than that. I mean, it all, it all works economically, just pricing at a normal pasture rate, right? Yeah. Um, so it's, you know, there's no economic pressure on us to, or financial pressure to, I mean, of course you want to maximize your returns, but there's, yeah, there's sort of no monetary pressure to do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, gotcha. It does, it definitely creates the perception of quality when you— yeah, okay. It's like if organics were charging the same as, you know, you buy your organic blueberries or your standard, if they're the same price, yeah, we wouldn't, we wouldn't see us There's been a pastured lady up the road.

Speaker B: She's, um, she's had thousands of birds for the last 5 years.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker B: And she's, she's actually getting out of it, which is a common problem. Everyone gets burnt out, which is why we've got another aspect to our business model trying to deal with that.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Um, it's like dairy farming. It's 7 days a week, twice a day. You've got to deal with it. And, um, so everyone lasts sort of 5 to 10 years and they're done.

Speaker A: They could.

Speaker B: So, but she's been charging, she's been taking them to cafes and doing a subscription type model, $15 a dozen for 5 years. So it is, it is doable.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And just keeping that in mind, you can, it can, you can, it's easier to come down than it is to go up. Like you, you kind of piss people off if you're putting the price up later.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, cool. Thank you very much.

Speaker A: No worries, you're welcome. And feel free to obviously tweak it, adjust it, you know, scribble it up, whatever, and resubmit for future session, or throw it in the online community so we can keep things rolling for you. Awesome work. It's exciting to hear. Very cool.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: And I like that what Kat said there. It's probably the true price if we're caring for the animals properly. You know, and there's always people, there are always people willing to pay it. If you know that one, yes, on the best.

Speaker B: Yeah, to answer your question, they won't be organic. They'll definitely be free range and the range will be, you know, the best possible quality ecosystem for the birds. So that's the advantage. Organics. Yeah, another Another level again, and it's, um, the reason I wouldn't go organic is it's gonna be hard to get, um, franchise farms on board under an organic system. There's a lot of requirements to it and it's, and the organic feed's double the price of non-organic, right?

Speaker A: The chicken feed.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. So there you go. Organic's there, $15.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, there's no reason you can't create the perception with forest rays. You know, I think it's awesome. Sounds catchy, sounds natural. I like it. Yeah.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: Thanks very much. Awesome. Nice work. Oh, Brendan popped a comment in the chat there too. Have you got existing wholesale channel partners? Not yet by the sounds of it, right? My experience with wholesale is a very specific pricing consideration versus retail.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, and it depends on the size of them as well.

Speaker B: Absolutely. Yes. Yeah. No, that's, that's my perception as well. No, we won't be going for the larger wholesalers for a while. Probably not even till post-pilot farm.

Speaker A: All right. Yep. Cool. Awesome work. And thanks for the comments in there as well, Brendan and Kat. And we'll jump across to our next question. Nice work, Matt. It's awesome to see it coming together. Very cool. Now our next question, excuse my sniffle, just gonna have to deal with it today. Yeah. So the next question for Jen. Oh, Sarah, hello, you snuck in there in the background. Where on planet Earth are you right now?

Speaker D: I'm in Greece on a small tiny Greek island and yeah, trying to concentrate.

Speaker A: Is it like 2 AM or something?

Speaker D: It's actually not too bad. It's just after 6 AM. So I feel like I should be awake anyway, but somehow I'm really tired.

Speaker A: Anyway, it's all good. I guess it was the Greeks, the Greek keeping you up all night partying last night.

Speaker D: Well, I just finished 2 trips and I just think my brain is taking me time to get enough rest and recover. It's a lot looking after people. And so I feel a bit like I just need some more rest.

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, well, good on you for making it this morning for you.

Speaker D: Nice to be here. I need to get my head back into proper land.

Speaker A: This is how I'm getting there.

Speaker C: Awesome. Cool.

Speaker A: Cool. Cool. All right. And now, so next question, Jen, for you. Let's bring yours up. You have said, feel free to come off mute. Hi, Jen.

Speaker B: Hi.

Speaker A: Hey, hey. So submit this page, basically a Figma board for an updated homepage. So basically a draft of an updated homepage. So a mockup work in progress for a homepage. So if there's any more info you wanna give us, feel free to go for it.

Speaker E: Otherwise, I'll roll into my feedback and also So just as a heads up, we're pushing for small businesses, particularly in the building construction industry, to build. So we're looking to bring on about a 50% increase in the next 12 months so that I can then potentially sell. But also our clients still say they don't know that we were mortgage brokers, so that, which is why we've put that mortgage broking tile in yellow in the rotating. Other than that, it's just a whole big rebrand, making it a little bit more modern. Problem trying to talk to who our ideal client is.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's it. Gotcha.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Well, first of all, awesome work. It does look nicely branded, like with the brand colors and not too many fonts or anything. It looks clean and nicely, you know, using your brand colors and the layout and everything looks awesome. Maybe for everyone, what I'll just throw at you two in the, feel free in the chat, everyone on here, one of the best ways to always learn for yourself is to kind of review someone else's. So what would you typically look at when you land on a website? If you have to imagine you're human and you've landed on a website, the internet's full of billions of websites and you are fickle. So the second you land on the website, where do your eyes go and what do you think the site does? So this is, you could, you feel free to pop, you know, answer any of these in the, in the chat. It's like, where do your eyes go? What do you think they offer within the first, like, sort of 2, 3 seconds, you look at it. And then of course, anything you like, don't like, you know, any feedback, anything. And I'm gonna roll through mine for you here, Jen. First of all, with a rotating banner, I always like to ask the question, is there a certain one of these that you prefer than any other?

Speaker E: Look, that first one is the one that we currently have as a static. The little rocket ship one. Okay. We have crappy copy next to it. So, you know, we still wanted to keep that video because we did like it and it was a moving thing. I guess for me, the homepage one, I need to get the loans because it's a market that is really easy to— Yeah. And the businesses, the tax one, which is the one that's there now, is a secondary. We've got more than enough individual tax returns. So it's pushing those first two businesses.

Speaker A: Okay. Because what, like, what I'd usually, with a rotating banner, I always want to know, like, do you really want this? Like, this is just because the most important part of your website is this, what we see before we scroll. The newspapers that would be in a stack when you walk into a newsagent and there's a stack of newspapers and what you can see above the fold is the most valuable, most expensive real estate to advertise on a newspaper. Yep. So this we call above the fold. That is like, you've almost gotta consider it like 80% of your entire website. I'm looking at right there, 80% of your effort that went into building this website. I'm looking at it kind of here. So if I land here and I'm a fickle human, I might glance at the banner and I only see tax time and then I scroll down and I'm like, oh, tax time, I guess tax account, I'm out of here. Like, so you, you gotta think I might only see one. I might only see two. Currently it's too fast anyway. It's too fast to kind of take it in.

Speaker E: Yeah. I don't think it's set to the right speed or anything.

Speaker A: I think it was just, yeah, it's too fast at the moment. It's almost like hard to take any of it in. It'd need to be slower. And then based on what I'm saying is sometimes it's like if I could only see one of these, which one would you want me to see? And maybe you wanna stop it rotating. Potentially. You can, of course, you've got this section here, or you could bring up a little bit— this kind of section's awesome because you've got it mapped out here anyway, you know, help with my business, help with my mortgage. Now, or you could simply redesign the banner so it has a couple of options on it. Do you know what I mean? So it's just like the main thing you want me to see, because the risk you run with a rotating banner like this is I might see the one the least that I'm not really interested in, or I see one that you want the least featured, and then I'm scrolling on. So the thing I—

Speaker E: so it is, it is important.

Speaker A: Sorry, go, go on.

Speaker E: The thing I don't—

Speaker A: oh no, I was just gonna say something. I'll shut up. Sorry, you go.

Speaker E: No, no, you go.

Speaker A: No, no, you go.

Speaker E: I'm quiet now.

Speaker A: I wanna hear what you have to say. Go, Jen.

Speaker E: The thing I don't like, and I don't know what I don't like about it, is that I need help with those 3 buttons. I think they just look really weird. To me. But in the office, we've been looking at that and going, there's something we don't like about it. We don't know what it is we don't like and we don't know how to fix it. So I could potentially put the, maybe that front video one and then do the 3 there. Do you think? Like the loans, the growth and whatever.

Speaker A: Like this section, you mean?

Speaker E: Yeah, do it like that, but up that top.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. I'm glad you mentioned this spot because it's my next feedback as I work down the page. First thing to consider, like, like you don't need the answer this second, but just the banner, like my feedback on the banner, if you really need them all rotating or just one, you could have one banner that has 3 things on it, you know what I mean? So you just simplify it and it has like one image, like your business, you know, helping small business owners build stronger financial future. And then it might have the 3 things across the banner. 'Cause what my next feedback as we scroll is definitely this section. It seems, I think the design of it seems a bit, almost a bit childish or something. Like it's a bit, it's just, I think the pink on the blue and even though the colors, it's a bit, and it's also got a lot of blue space. So it's a bit of like a big open area with these buttons maybe. I don't really love it either. I don't love the design of it.

Speaker E: I know. And I don't like the pink, but we couldn't work out how to make stand out.

Speaker D: Can I throw something in there? Yeah, I've put it in the chat so you can read it later, but what's jumping out for me there is that this is the color theory thing. So the color of that aqua, that light blue down the bottom, and the color of the pink, it's causing what's called broken color. And it's actually causing, at least on my screen, it's a really strong contrast. I don't know if anyone's it's happening for anyone else, but that where the two colors meet, there's actually like almost like a little vibration happening around the side of it. Does anyone else see that? Yeah.

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker D: So it's actually, it's actually caused because of the tones. See how the tone of the blue down the bottom is lighter and it graduates up to darker at the top. The tone down the bottom is what's contrasting with that pink and causing a bit of tension. And so I don't know if that's contributing to what you think about, you know, you're not liking it, but it's, it's, it's too energized, I think, in terms of just being a bit distracting and a bit glary for the eye.

Speaker E: That's a good way to put it. As I said, we've looked and looked at it and we just went, we don't know what it is, but we don't like it. So I just went, you know, we're wasting time on it trying to fiddle and going back and forwards with the designer guys. So we just went, we'll just wait. But if I go, Chris, so like the ones further down, then that will probably work.

Speaker A: Yeah. What I still think, I think this section, what would be better is keeping in mind I land here is if I could see part of this. So like if you reduce this or removed it completely from this section, then this text will come up because this is, this is engaging. You want to kind of grab my attention. It's like if I land on your website, I'm not ready to just click through to the text. Just yet, or, you know what I mean? It sort of takes me on a little bit of a journey first. If I can see build a business that works, whether you're just starting out or scaling to 7 figures, ah, okay, I've sort of got a bit more information about what you're about. And then it might be you have, you know, the kind of here or, or down between this section is where even where they are here, it's not too far down. Like if I shared ours as an example as well, So like, see how the headline's there? Yeah. It's kind of neater and it's not too clashy colors. So you kind of like before you scroll, there's a lot of wasted space here with all this blue and this blue considering it's your most valuable real estate. Whereas if that sort of came up, yeah, you know what I mean? Like you might reduce the banner a bit or this blue or just remove this section from here completely would actually look, I think, cleaner.

Speaker E: Yeah. Okay, cool. That gets rid of my issue without having to do anything.

Speaker A: Yeah, perfect. And it's okay to take us on a little bit of a journey before you get to the call to action. Like, there'll be internet marketers out there that say you gotta call to action here, here, here, and you need 500 call to actions. The reality is for most businesses, you don't. Like, it's all right to build up a bit of need before you give us the, you know, the, the call to action because where they're sitting here, this is fine. E-commerce style site and I'd want sitting right here, your best selling products kind of thing, you know, or immediately under this, the first bit of text here, purchase a phone cover or something from you.

Speaker E: Okay. I don't know whether it's my internet or yours.

Speaker A: Um, going a bit slow.

Speaker E: Yeah, you keep dropping out.

Speaker F: Yeah, Christo does keep dropping out a bit for me too.

Speaker C: Ah, bugger.

Speaker A: Um, that's unusual. I can switch. Okay, I'm going to do the high risk when you're on What's going to happen if I, um, we'll roll with it for now. Let me know if it's— is it bearable?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Sorry about that, that's unusual. Okay, I'll keep rolling and I'll check. So I'll roll through my feedback so in case it'd be a bit more difficult. How can we have a little question there? What would be good too is all of this is great and nice and human kind of elements where there's these photos of you and it shows you here. Hi, I'm Jen. This is awesome to create the human connection and show you kind of real. The testimonials, you could make, you could basically make it pop a little bit more by adding either a section of the testimonial as a bold kind of almost like headline at the top of each one because most people aren't gonna bother reading through all of these. But if you grab like the best bit, like their commitment was the best, you know, da da da, or She provided us with knowledge and expertise. Like, that could be the headline. You just pull— it's like in writing a book when you've written a book that's called pull quotes, you know, you're reading a book and there's a bit bolded on the side that's sort of part of the text. Or you could create a little headline for each, which is kind of a summary of the, like, the results they got.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And then what, because most people just kind of skim those, like, I think we might have something similar if I show Yeah, because everyone's so fickle, you gotta start catering for, say, like that first aid training business exceeds their goals by 200%. So we sort of summarized it.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Travel and events business, you know, da da da da da, Vineyard going from strength to strength with their online stores. So that you could just make a little headline summarizing each, or yeah, you grab a part of it and pop it up. You could also do what we've done there too by putting, little graphic on each one of 5 stars.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. So visually we spot 5 stars, we see the headline, and that's probably enough information. I like, I wouldn't read the, the whole testimonial.

Speaker E: Cool.

Speaker A: Yep. Cool. If there's an industry which you wanna focus on more, which you just said there is, if any of these are from those, if you wanna mention the industry as well, you could. Okay. So like Sandra F, building and construction, or, you know, whatever you could, could mention the industry on those.

Speaker E: Yeah, perfect.

Speaker C: Yeah. Cool.

Speaker A: Oh, one other question I had as I was going through the feedback. Are all of your customers Australia-based?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. I thought it'd be cool to just pop something in there just because we're so overwhelmed with information on the internet nowadays. It might be helping, you know, Australian small businesses or something, or like somewhere here where the expert in Australia business. Oh, you're sorry, you're the expert, blah, blah, blah. But like, we help Australian business owners, you know, something just where it shows like, okay, I am on the right site.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Or sometimes it can be something like, you know, real advice, real support from our Sydney office. Do you know what I mean? Something where it just helps me land that, okay, you are here, you are for me.

Speaker E: Yeah. Yep. We did look at that this morning because there was another website that said helping Newcastle small businesses but servicing Australia-wide or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah. I've looked at far too many websites over the last week.

Speaker A: And then you start to chop and change, don't you? Oh, we already did. Now we'll go back to that. Now we'll go back to this. So many variables. What you've got here, like all the content blocks are great. You can see based by my feedback, it's mostly just sort of like massaging what you've got with little tweaks. Yeah, there was one thing when I— the only other thing for me at this stage was I clicked through the— I don't know if the about's really been worked. Generally, the about will sit more to the right, like just as a bit of a uniform within the menu listings. And then on that page, what was it about us? Oh, on this page, a good idea. I like, I love the content on here. You could just also add the 3, maybe even before this section about here, I would add those 3 categories as well. So basically just copy this content section. Yep. Oh, it's the about us. Yeah, because we're human, we're sticky beak. So I land on your site, I want to know who you are, if you're actually legit. Most majority of most small businesses website traffic will go to the About Us page. So it's a pathway to a sale. So once I land on this page, you want to kind of like connect with me on a human level, which you've done really well and sharing the story and the mission and everything. And then you'd want a call to action basically to direct me from that page straight to a sale.

Speaker E: Okay. Yep.

Speaker A: Can do that.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: And then I'll just check in on the chat. I saw a lot of comments come in there.

Speaker E: Lynette said about the top banner, the banner's going to have our lead gen thing. We just put that—

Speaker A: Oh, you're gonna have the opt-in?

Speaker E: Yeah. So when we eventually get our lead gen done, that's where we're gonna put it and then change it, you know, randomly. Yeah. Cool. And we're still working through, Brendan said, is there any other landing pages? We're working our way through this. So you're gonna see me on advisory board for a little while. We're working on this week, the, work with us pages.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that's the way to do it. That's perfect. Work on each page and we can review it, you know, weekly as we go.

Speaker E: Yeah, I just wanted to— I wanted to make sure that the footer is okay because apparently whenever you change that, they tell us that it affects your SEO. So we've got to make sure that's right and it goes all the way across. Yeah, I've only got one other thing. We've now got to add in the Tax Practitioner Board thing down the bottom for the complaints and concerns.

Speaker A: Right. Yeah, this looks pretty— this looks all good and pretty much Stock standard, it usually would be in the, this kind of section which will impact your SEO because it's kind of like Google will look at how the website fits together based on all the different links and so on down here. You know, a lot of the other content, it's not gonna have a massive difference if you're coming and changing something, but obviously you want to try and get it exactly right as best as possible the first time. One thing you could consider, like some websites do, is you might, you could put like brand values as a section down here in the footer, and then that's sort of uniform on all pages. Yeah, I think we might have like, yeah, it could be something you could consider as well.

Speaker E: Yeah. Okay. I did think in that About Me page or About Us page of putting a video just me talking about, you know, if you've landed here and you're in the building construction industry, then where the— I don't know where to put that, but we'll find somewhere.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, that, that, that'd be a good idea for sure. That's great to, uh, to connect about us. You might even be somewhere like here, or like instead of this image. Yeah, it would work well right away.

Speaker E: Kind of here.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Okay. Yeah. Take that photo out and put a video there, you think? Exactly. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: I can do that. Cool. Well, there you go. You got a bit to, bit to work on, but not too, too radical.

Speaker E: And the developers are trying to get it live because it's our website at the moment.

Speaker A: It's awful.

Speaker E: Like, until you do the course and then you look at it and you go, yeah, it doesn't actually say who it's for.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. And there's more comments for you in the chat there. Looks awesome. Nice photos. Hard to recognize who you are at first look. Logo's hard to recognize, and Matt agrees with Emma on that one. So these are just good to take on board as feedback. Thank you. The logos. Kat agrees as well. Cool. Yeah. And maybe with the rest of these ones, they're good feedback for you to have a read through and obviously take on board what you are What you like. Thank you. And thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. And yeah, if you haven't read through all them, go through the chat now because there's, there's quite a lot of awesome information and feedback there for you. Jen, nice work. And feel free, as always, to adjust, make changes. We can revisit this page and all the other pages as you create them. Most importantly, just keeping it rolling. Yeah, thank you. Nice work. Awesome. Cool, cool. And then we will jump to— oops, where am I? Next question. Paul, g'day, Paul. Feel free to come off mute.

Speaker C: Yeah, Christo.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: One second. We don't have to go into that whole long document. I wasn't— because it's my first time here, I wasn't really sure in the format. I've got one specific question I could frame up if you like out of that document.

Speaker A: I've gone through it all. Can you— yeah, how's my internet? Is my internet still annoying for everyone?

Speaker C: It's okay for me.

Speaker A: It's all right. Otherwise, I'll risk doing a switch to another internet. I'm just not sure exactly what, how Zoom will behave with me if I switch while we're live. I'll keep rolling, but if it's too much, just tell me stop. We'll, and I'll switch internet and then I can always, you know, you can always just click the link if it did kick anyone back, kick anyone out, but I'll keep rolling for now. Otherwise, it's good for us at the moment. Okay, awesome. Thank you.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: So where is your doc here? No worries at all and totally all good to, you know, as you get familiar with Advisory Board. First of all, a massive welcome to you. That's awesome to have you here.

Speaker C: Nice to meet everyone. That was really interesting actually listening to the earlier parts of the session.

Speaker A: Awesome. Yeah, yeah, it's funny, you'll often pick up a lot of value, you know, whether you have a question or not, it's always worth attending to a you know, there's always something you'll take away, as you can see with a lot of other members. You know, it's not that everyone has a question. It's great to be a part of it. Oh, one way or another. Now, so you want to actually tell me your overall question first, and I'm gonna then blitz through all of your questions that you sent as well, but I'll make sure I hit on the most important one. For you as well if you want to go for it.

Speaker C: Yeah, well, the, the main one that I was thinking about, uh, just to explain to others, I, I currently run a not-for-profit that's based in the US. Excuse me, sorry, losing my voice. And I'm, um, what we mainly do is training in, uh, teamwork. Essentially, we do trust building and collaboration skills in, in teams. Going through a fair bit of change and in a bit of a funding crisis at the moment. So we're thinking about other revenue streams. My main question, Christo, is thinking about— I guess it's question 5 in that document. It's about the viability of running peer-based learning groups. So I've done quite a lot of this before. I've done a lot of facilitation work. I used to do a lot of teaching at the university level, and I'm really interested in project-based, peer-based learning. And I think there's a demand in society for addressing big questions using— rather than sort of teaching a particular curriculum, but really encouraging people to dive into the topic, the question themselves, to, you know, learn together and to produce something out of that. And so that's a lot like some of the research that I used to do as an academic, call it what's called participatory action research, where you're basically inviting people to, yeah, define a particular research question and then interview people or get secondary materials to try and answer that question together and create a report. So a similar organization to what I'm thinking of is a group called Huddlecraft, and they're based in the UK. And they basically run this thing they've branded as huddles, which is, again, peer-based learning to enhance collective wisdom together too. And they've been doing it in a sort of social mission-driven organizations more generally kind of space. One of the contexts where I could do this work is I have a very strong relationship with the Australian New Zealand School of Government, and I've been teaching their leadership programs, and everybody is talking about AI at the moment.. And I think there'd be a real value in doing a sequence, and I pitched this to ANZSOG. I haven't heard back from them yet as to whether they're interested, but well, I know they are interested. We just haven't sorted out the detail. But I pitched to them the idea of defining a set of questions like, you know, how can public servants cultivate wisdom in an AI-driven world? What forms of harm are easy to miss in automated decision-making? How might AI reinforce or disrupt inequality? What would it mean to develop AI policy from a standpoint of interdependence rather than competition and so forth? So these are all sort of like big picture ethical social policy questions that I want to— I think their learners will be interested in peer-based, project-based learning. But I wondered if it was a more general— I'm pretty sure I'll be able to pitch it to ANZSOG. But then I was sort of thinking, could I build a whole business around that of doing these kind of learning groups together?

Speaker A: Yeah. Gotcha. Well, it's like there might be a little bit of, so there might be a little bit of sell them, gotta sell them what they want. And even though what they need is, you know, you'll know the process like the AI basically peer-based learning models or processes and things, but there might be a little bit, it's kind of like with, We tend to sell what, what people want, you know, even though what you deliver, what they need might be a little bit, you know, slightly different, or if you word it too much in terms of what you'll actually deliver, they might be confused. Yeah, but I think like generally to like there are a couple of things you can do. There's a website if you want to kind of look up, you know, what's the viability of Basically anything. Our typical process, we did this with Matt, who was the first question today, actually not that long ago, had a similar question like, how do I know if anyone will want this? You know, like, and so the, there's the go-to most simple ones that everyone can do where I usually do myself. There's a website called Google Trends. We can go on Google Trends and see if people are searching for these words. You know, say in Australia, you can type in peer-based learning. Are people actually searching in Google Trends? And Google will tell you, like, here's, you know, typical stats, or it might say numbers are too low, and then whatever. We can, we can still, it doesn't mean you shouldn't proceed, but it might give you some, some insights. Also, surveying people or surveying past customers as well for feedback can be a good source to see, hey, are you interested in this? If there are past customers or, you know, that you could reach out to or any database already or anything like that. You know, sometimes it's good to almost provide them, hey, which of these 4 trainings would you be most likely to be interested in? Tick, tick, tick, you know, and you can word things in different ways. Even if it's the same workshop, you might describe it in a different way just as a one-liner to get feedback on if it's something. And then basically with the things that get the most feedback, oh, that's how I word it from now on. Now let's sell them what they said they would be most interested in. Can be a way to go. Googling competitors is a good way to go. And typically checking also when you search in Google, there's related searches. Let's see if, like, when you do, so see these kind of like people also ask, what is an example of peer learning? Sometimes you pick up on what people are actually interested in based on Google giving you basically the feedback of what other people are searching. That's kind of like, and there's a section, this one people also search for. So this is kind of straight from the horse's mouth, what people are looking for on Google. Peer learning activities. So they're actually, by the looks of it, this actually is even just from seeing this, I can already tell there's people searching.

Speaker C: They're like, there actually, there is a lot of that would be with children in the classroom. That's what they're referring. So question is, what does it work with adults, you know, like, or are adults willing to pay for it?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Adults or corporates or, you know, you can obviously adjust these kind of questions you type in. Also, if people are advertising Um, who goes learning? I don't know. Just if there's sometimes if there's ads to see this, um, sponsored here. So these two ads, if people are paying, there's generally interest because if, if someone's advertising for it, usually the ads will disappear pretty quickly if someone's not generating any interest from ads. So for church, so, and this is, I'm just giving you like general market research that you can do at your fingertips, kind of approach here, strategy. So you can search and if there are competitors advertising, it's a pretty good indication that there's, there's a market there. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, cool. I mean, the other piece of this is how to frame it because I'm, Now that I'm looking at this, I am thinking it's such a cool thing and people get a lot out of it. They do enjoy it. Uh, I've had really good testimonials and so on in the past, but what do you call it? Do you call it developing collective wisdom? Do you call it, you know, this kind of, I mean, I really like the word wisdom because I, a big part of the way I do it, it's about personal transformation as well as trying to address an issue. I'm trying to teach them skills about listening to people and encountering diverse viewpoints, and there's a big, big sort of transformative element to it as well, I think.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we might need to dig on that a little bit, you know, to, to get the wording right. You do want to— I guess as I was reviewing your, your whole like doc there, I did have kind of the question. Well, like, where are we? Something, it's almost like a bit of homework is for you to think if you did have a hook, like you want to think outcome and you could be like, I don't know, we, and you've got to think in terms of what people want as well. So it's, you know, helping groups or it's businesses, it could be, it could be higher groups might, you know, involve business, but it's like helping groups to, you know, learn together through peer, you know, peers through activities, like something where it's really clear and we can understand it in a quick, it was like a one or two liner. Um, and you're never gonna explain everything because I'm sure peer-based learning can help probably everyone, right? On some level, some, some aspect, you know, but, but so it's not gonna get everything into it. But if you can just create a bit of a like, oh, okay, I got you why I need it and a little bit of what it is just from a quick kind of little summary. It needs to have a little bit of summary, like otherwise with something like yours, it's so, it can be too confusing. Like, where do I kind of categorize you in my brain if I'm thinking about what you provide? What file does it go in? You know what I mean? In my brain, is it helping corporates to grow together, you know, and peer, like, learn together and solve problems and build, grow together. Like, is that what it does? Or what is it? Who's, or is it helping, you know, it might not have to be industry specific, but it might be like challenge, more like challenge specific, but there needs to be something where it kind of summarizes. And I don't have the answer to that right now. I'm just saying this is something we've got to nail with you.

Speaker C: Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think the challenge, I mean, one way to niche it down would be to go just in the AI space, like helping everyone talk about AI because a lot of people want to. Yeah, but I don't necessarily want to do this and I think it's also putting a lot of eggs in one basket because there's also a huge backlash against AI in a way. So, but maybe that's a good thing because then you're talking about the backlash.

Speaker A: So, Yeah, I might just run through like quickly the questions you popped here. So the first one there on the screen, there's a clever bunch, the right place for me, always a bit, you know, too early. The reality is the earlier the better because the confusion needs to be resolved. So obviously could explain that more. The second question, how should I focus the book and the Substack? I looked at the Substack is in the initial offering. The book is a good, good to focus, basically keeping a bit of a focus on what's worked. So, you know, sells, I think is a good idea. It'll get people interested. It doesn't have to be the exact same angle as the kind of Substack, the products, as long as there's sort of a bit of a crossover for the market, you know, the same, same people would be interested. I guess it should align that, you know, it doesn't have to be exact, but it, it should align to some extent. It did sound a little bit disjointed in relation to your question there. Like, um, when I was like, in my, like, one's sort of personal and one's groups, like, as if the book is, um, you know what I mean? It's sort of like on the primary about perspective-taking ability and then the the offerings on for groups. So it might be, is it? Well, not too far off, but yeah, it's almost, it's, it was a little bit disjointed, but as long as it's related, then that's, that's all good. The number, the third question in terms of my personal brand, what's the strongest position? The perspective taking expert, The pro-social collaboration. So that's like with the existing kind of brand, I think actually number 1 and 2 here, the peer learning innovator. That's cool. I think that's awesome. I think you can almost be 1 and 2, right? Perspective taking experts should relate to being better at peer learning if you have a better perspective, you know, if you're a better perspective taker, is that right? Yeah, which I think, I think should align. But once again, I think we need to kind of get like the, the kind of hook, like the one-liner, what you're all about nailed down. And then it might actually impact how you word this. Does that make sense? It's kind of like, give us the one-liner so I can, I understand what you do quickly and efficiently if I see it.

Speaker C: Number 4, My primary audience, I'm guessing that's gonna come later really.

Speaker A: Like, like we can leave that for now.

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker A: And you can anyway, you can have multiple audiences. It's just that you might have a dedicated, say, like page on your website for each. So you can do campaigns where you direct people to specifically what's relevant to them. And yeah, it can come later. 5, we were discussing just before. 7, should my Substack, which is like, so your wording Substack for everyone wondering is like initial offering, right?

Speaker C: Like, like low cost kind of product. Well, sort of, but it's also about building my authority, building reputation and so on because, you know, there's, it's not, it's one of those Substacks that's more in the academic end than the, at the moment at least.

Speaker A: Than the practice end. Yeah. Well, I think it, it should be both because you've said, should my Substack focus on building authority in my niche or should it directly support lead generation? It should build authority, which should generate leads. So builds authorities and positions you as an expert and then somehow does flow on with maybe a potential call to action to the next thing. Just like as you move forward, we want to think about everything that you offer is one step towards the next thing. So anything you're doing, it's positioning you as authority, showing credibility, and then it invites to the next step.

Speaker C: Yeah, like, I'm conscious there's one other person who has asked a question and I didn't mean for us to go through every single one of these. I was just trying to frame my whole mess of questions in my head.

Speaker A: So, yeah, yeah, no, but that's all good. I thought I'd just blitz through them anyway, like with a bit of faith. Alright. Yeah. And so really the answer to that one's both. It's like, it's like we have introductory workshops at Basic Bananas and then you've got to see us through those intro workshops. You see, alright, they are an authority in this space and you might become a lead for the Clever Bunch. Makes sense. Like, so it's definitely, definitely both. The leveraging this one is a big question. Like, how do I leverage the book? Project to build my speaking and consulting practice. We can help with that. That's what we do ourselves. Absolutely. It is a— there's— I'd like to give that a bit more of a time of day to really treat that as like a bit of a campaign. But basically, like, at a high level, you give the book to key partners, potentially past customers, key decision makers. Sometimes in government you can't, but you can use it as a tool to get media exposure, like you send it to media, to journalists, the book and tell them what you're up to and how you're seeing this change in the way people are collaborating, that it, I create a little bit of media buzz. That's something we can help with as well and we will go through in the Clever Bunch as well. And then with keynotes, you then once again say you want to do keynote speaking, would need to have, you need to have a couple of topics just ready, even if it's just a little summary of like, here's my 3 main most popular topics I talk about. Or number, you know, 2 presentations I do where it might be one that's customized for, you know, whatever general public and one that's customized for corporate or whatever it is. But basically you gotta just have a few ready to go as well. Almost like a product menu kind of thing. It's like, here's my most popular keynotes. Once again, we can help with all of that. These are big, that one's a sort of a big one. And then obviously in the book, it is good to include both customer examples. So as people read and they're learning, they see, oh, you've worked with people in the, built into the book. So does that make sense? Because then they're reading it, they're not just getting all the knowledge, but they go, oh wow, you worked with someone who was this. It doesn't have to say exactly who they are. You know, you worked with Jen and da da da da da, they had this challenge in their whatever sports team organization, high school, whatever. Government office, they had this challenge and we worked through with them and da da da da, and here's the outcome. So you're kind of seeding in examples. It's sort of like selling by teaching. Yeah. And then number 9, what's the optimal content strategy? This one can be a big one as well, but typically try and get a few good articles on like a website, whether they're good articles or even if it's just starting with sort of 3 or 5. So as people review your content, they see, oh wow, you know your stuff. Might be kind of like 3, 3 really strong articles that are featured ones or podcast episodes or video tips. The, on the, the bottom here, this is a good thing for everyone to do as well. How do I create a coherent customer journey? The first step of what we do, we will go through this in the Clever Bunch with you in the second session. We basically draw up like a pyramid. And basically the way, the way, reason we use a pyramid is at the bottom, you imagine the most eyes, it's like the widest point, the most eyes will ever see these offerings. You have your kind of free offerings at the bottom. That could be articles on your website. It could be content you've put out. The next level up in the pyramid, you sort of draw a line. Then the next level up is like they have to take some sort of commitment. It could be like an opt-in to get a resource or some sort of free offering. The next narrower level up, they might be paying. That's like one of your offerings there that you're gonna intro offering where they're paying. And then the next level up will be more expensive because you get less people, but it's kind of, it gives you a nice visual of how everything fits together and it helps us to then help you with moving people through it. So we can also look at the pricing and then we can look at like how you promote from one thing to the next. So how it all fits together. So that'd be a good bit of homework for you to, you could get started on scribbling on paper, doing the pyramid of where the offerings sit, like your book would sit in there on one of those kind of lower levels as well. And then number 11, how do I maintain or should I maintain association with pro-social world for credibility? Once again, it just depends on what you're getting out of it. I'd like usually my answer would say, I'd say stay associated while you're building your own brand. So yeah, for sure, stay associated. You might get some good leads, you might get, you know, you got a bit of flow on from there and then as you grow your own brand, then you might split off.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. That's a deep and complex question. Yeah. I mean, I started, I co-founded ProSocial World and I wrote the ProSocial book. So I've got a lot of identity tied up with it. So anyway, Yeah. Yeah. Oh, thank you. Thank you very much.

Speaker A: Lots to think about there. No, yeah, you're welcome. And of course, we can dive in way more in depth than a lot of, like, almost any one of these, which we, and we will, as we work through the structure of the Clever Bunch. When you got your session 1 coming up later in July, you'll see how a lot of this actually fits into how we will be actually working through the structured content. Great. Thank you. No worries. And a big welcome. And feel free to, you know, zero in on any of these and resubmit for next week and so on. There's no, there's no limit to, you know, getting feedback and so on. Appreciate it. Thanks, Paul.

Speaker F: And Emma, we have a question for you.

Speaker A: Let's—

Speaker F: I just submitted this one because we've— I like, I like my question and I think it's, it's worked well over the years, but we've had it there for a couple of years. So my question really is, should we refresh or is there something else we should be aiming for? Racking is the core of our business, so that's why it's there. Yeah. But yeah, that was just, should I refresh or any ideas of what I should do for another angle?

Speaker A: Gotcha. Cool. So for everyone wondering, the website doesn't need updating, refresh any changes and so on. If the, like, the focus is clear to me that there's racking and that's the primary focus, is that the majority of revenue?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Well, that's good. That was, that's tick. Because that was when I looked, I was like, okay, as long as that's the majority of revenue, then it is good to be the most featured. If that's what, when people land, the majority of people buy, it's like you've heard us say it a million times, you know, feature the most common seller, the best seller. Those are the things you want to be highlighting. So if I land here within the second I land, if I'm most common kind of customer, I'm going to see exactly what I want. And if that brings the most revenue at the same time as well, then tick, tick, you know, if that's the kind of most lucrative offering as well, that's awesome. So focus is clear. I don't like, in terms of the design, I think for your business, it doesn't necessarily need like an update in terms of design.

Speaker F: No, it's just more that first image or how it lands. Yeah. Is it?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker F: I mean, there's so many facets to this thing, but that's what I keep sort of focused on, that one, the main, as the main one.

Speaker A: Yeah. I like this, the white image behind It gives the, obviously the, where the empty warehouse.

Speaker F: I've had comments on that from others in our business saying, why is it empty?

Speaker A: And I'm like, well, they need to fill it. Yeah. Yeah. I might like if when I like, I've obviously reviewed it now. So it's hard to kind of unsee what I've seen. But when I first brought it up, when I was looking at it earlier today, my eyes went to the headline and then they jumped to these, which I think is what you want anyway. Cause it's sort of, grayed out that image, like it's a bit faded, grayed out, like, like faded out. These colors here pop, which I do like because it is a visual, like you can show your product. It's a, it's not like you're a service, like when we're looking at the website earlier for Jen, you know, it's a little bit, she can't show exactly the product kind of thing as clearly. So I do like that. That you have these images here. I do like that they're there above the fold. The same thing again, I'd be always thinking, well, from left to right, I didn't mention that before, but from left to right, I'd go bestseller in order, in order of priority from left to right. So either, you know, bestseller or slash most lucrative for the business, that's kind of like featured on the left because it's generally how our eyes will travel through, like how we read. Okay, the—

Speaker F: what else do I have here for you? So it's not necessary to update that text at the top if it's been there for a couple of years, or if it's—

Speaker A: if it still works, looking for a reliable racking solution, like if it— okay, like it implies quality and it tells us what it is. I don't have an issue with that.

Speaker E: No.

Speaker A: And you don't need to just change it. It's working. Yeah. Like, if, like, this, this section here feels a little busy with the featured products rotating. There could be What actually, what I wouldn't mind just a little bit is a little bit more text. It could even be a matter of like pushing this featured products just down a little bit and like creating a bit of space here. So you create a content block like between these featured and between, sorry, between these, the kind of like icons here with the different images and then this feature products. Or it could be something that kind of spells it out a little bit. I don't know, quality racking, office furniture, and office furniture based in Toowoomba. You know, providers based in Toowoomba for over 20— just so that— because so far, if you're looking at it from here, I see looking for a reliable racking solution. There's no answer to that, really. No, there's no answer, and I don't know, like, your location is really important. Because imagine how many people in the area, they search for racking solutions and it comes up that it's a business in Melbourne, you know, and you've wasted your time. Your location's super important.

Speaker F: Well, actually, do you majority sell locally?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, for the big stuff. Yeah, so there you go. So it's kind of like you want to own that radius, you know, that location. And I get kind of what it is here. You've kind of got like here they are, the what, what, what, what, what, but just a tiny little bit of text where it, you know, might be saying quality racking, you know, providing quality racking, shelving, and office furniture for over 21 years in the Toowoomba area or something, you know, like that.

Speaker F: Just doesn't have to be much.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. Now that's easy enough. Yeah. And then, oh, one other thing I noticed. Could you add a review section down here somewhere. Have you got many Google reviews or something you could, or test? I've got a few, but I'm actually working on them at the moment, getting some more in. So, right.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker F: A review section on this. Is there a plugin from Google that goes straight onto your website with Google reviews, or does anyone use one?

Speaker A: There are for sure. Okay. It depends on the website platform and just WordPress. Okay.

Speaker F: Right.

Speaker A: Yeah, there would, there would be, there's probably a million million WordPress plugins. Yeah. And otherwise, if you go to your Google reviews and there's some that are like, you know, whatever, 3 stars and then the others that are 5, you could, you could have images of those reviews and then you pop the images here. So they're, they're like a static image, but at least you pick the best ones. Yeah. Okay. Usually what we'd look for when you're doing testimonials or like looking at reviews, similar to what I mentioned up here with your highest priority offerings left to right, you do the same thing with the reviews. So if you were to put 4 reviews, let's say like what you've got here, these 4, maybe they're slightly bigger so we can read them from left to right, we'd do the highest priority. So the left might be that it's a racking testimonial specific.. So it's like a review that was specifically about, you know, there's the greatest things, our warehouse, the racking solutions are so good because that's your highest priority offering. So we want to resonate with people that are looking for that thing. If there's some other offerings that are like super lucrative when you sell it, maybe you put that number 2, you know, or the other thing we might look for in a testimonial to feature is similar style, like demographic or business in your case. So it might be like, you know, we're a we're whatever, a fulfillment company for blah, blah, blah. And we needed racking solutions. Thanks so much because you want to get other fulfillment companies and blah, blah, blah, if that makes sense. Or we're like a trade business that needed super strong racking solutions because, you know, you want to get more trade businesses. And so, you know, to feature that one because that resonates with a customer demographic, like a customer segment you want to get more of. Okay, cool. Sounds great. Thank you. Awesome. And otherwise, yeah, that's pretty much it. That's good. So only a few tweaks there. Yeah, I don't like— I'm not— I'm neither here nor there with this big image, to be honest. It's not, um, my eyes, it like went down here.

Speaker F: It feels industrial. Which is not meant to be important.

Speaker A: It was more so that had something to put text on. Yeah. And you don't want something too bright or anything that'll, it'll drown out the text.

Speaker E: No.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, this looks good. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Oh, there we go. Some, some comments in the chat there as well.

Speaker D: Cool.

Speaker A: Reliable racking at the ready. Thanks, Kat. Nice one. A couple of people to run off. There are loads. Oh, there we go, Brendan, in regards to the plugins, many are free, limited to amount of reviews. So yeah, you could get a plugin that pulls the reviews from Google, or if you just want to pick the absolute best based on what I've mentioned, then you could. It's worth having a look and seeing if there are ones you really want to feature. Yeah, it might resonate with the market a little bit more. Okay, works well. Awesome. And Brendan's got a suggestion. Toowoomba's number one warehousing solution architects, fashion racking experts. Cool. Good idea. Whether that, whether it's exactly that, but I just, you know, a couple of tweaks to that could be perfect. Cool. Awesome. Is there anything else, Emma, for you that was popping out to you in regards to this that we haven't touched on?

Speaker F: No, I was just reading through the comments and thanks for those.

Speaker A: They're great. Awesome. Cool. And if anyone else, any other thoughts, but I think, yeah, a few little tweaks. In other words, yeah, it's all good. You don't need to go and reinvent the whole thing. Good news. Always good. Yep. Awesome. Cool. Well, that is our final question for today. Oh, and Emma, of course, feel free to make changes, you know, resubmit as you, as you work through things or mock things up and send for feedback before you go live or anything, that is all good as well. No worries, Kat. Thank you. Thank you for being here. And I think that's a wrap anyway for, for today's session. So nice work, everyone. Thanks for the input. Thanks for being here. Hopefully everyone's got something they can take away and implement. I know a few had to run off after 2 o'clock. That's all good. Well, enjoy the rest of your day. Feel free to say bye-bye or just disappear on out of here. See you for now. Bye. See you.

Speaker C: Bye for now.

Speaker E: Be up.