Speaker A: Um, so welcome to— this is the last advisory session for the year. We're going to make it good. And we've got lots of questions, which is awesome. And we're going to get straight into it. So we're going to close the office from next week for, I think, 2 or 3 weeks. And I mean, I'm always around. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to stay here and I love to— I will take a break, but I also love to just be of support if I can. If anyone has anything super urgent, just email us. And so we'll do these questions today. I've got Sarah here first, so I might just get Sarah to ask the question that she's got, and I've got your collateral here already. Sarah, did you want to go?

Speaker B: Okay, yes, happy to go. Um, and I'll just walk off this Main Street. So basically, and I forgot to give all the background thinking that, um, Christo would be there, but that's not correct. Anyway, moving on. So I am doing a promotion through a yacht club who are— they approached me because they are— the advertisers that they want to use are people running business that are recommended to them by their members. And so somebody recommended me, they approached me, and I am going to do a promotion in their little magazine that's actually about inviting more membership from the local people living locally to the yacht club. It's the Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club in Sydney. So initially I said yes to a half page, but then I pushed and shoved a little bit, and I got a full page where half of the page is the ad and half of the page is like an advertorial. So last week I bought a bunch of notes that I had taken, an interview from a couple of clients, and so we brainstormed how I could use them, and this is what I've created. I did this in Canva and I did it with ChatGPT going step by step. Now create more space here, now put some, now this, now that. So this is not my forte, but, um, here it is. Uh, it's gonna go to them also as the design— they've got a designer that is available to do the work. So really I'm just providing them with some collateral, as you said, to create something that I have in my mind. I'm worried when I look at this. Look, the first— last week we spoke about using some of the interview and creating a bit of a bio about me. So in one of those two options, I think it's going to be the one on the right, because there's not much space left. It's just too packed trying to create a bio about me and take interview comments from the clients. So I took it out and went towards what is on the left, which is just really an introduction to the interview and some comments that they made in the interview of two clients that I did. But I guess I just am curious, am I on the right track? Is the photo emotive enough? Is there enough space? Should I be heading somewhere else?

Speaker A: Yeah, good. I think design-wise, hopefully they will, you know, clean it up a bit because it is a bit cluttered. And you're saying this one here is the editorial? Yes, that's it, but that one is the ad, right?

Speaker B: Yes, the ad is on the left-hand side of each of those pages, and the spotted side is the advertorial. And so she said to me 60 words for the ad and 230 words for the advertorial.

Speaker A: Yeah, great. I think that you need to clean it up a little bit, the design, because at the moment I'm not quite sure if I keep reading this and then go— like, for me it just looks like one one page with one story on it. Like I read the left and I read the right, but I just have to do it design in terms of design. The second thing is we just, again, the most powerful words in when it comes to marketing is not we, but you. So I would probably just delete this whole bit here and just go explore coastlines by sea with time ashore to enjoy food a lot. So we don't even need to, we help you. And then, okay, this bit, the reason why I got this one bigger than this is because here again, it's just nobody wants to read the 'we help what,' like, I don't care. I want to know what you do for me. So, okay, and then also the, unfortunately, this, you know, the little em dashes have just been a bit, you know, sorry, what did you say now? I try to not use too many em dashes anymore, even though they are beautiful. It's just because ChatGPT has killed them a bit for us. So anytime you read em dashes in a copy, you know that it's been written by ChatGPT. So just be a bit careful with the overuse of them, even though they have a beautiful purpose when it comes to writing. So let's go with— I like this. I prefer this bit here. In terms of design, again, the logo probably can be a bit smaller so we have a bit more space here.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And that's the— is that the readers of RPAYC? That's the Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club. Is that for the readers of the members of that club?

Speaker B: It will go to the members, but the, the idea with the promotion is that they are attracting further membership from people living locally. So that yacht club is up at Newport, plenty of affluent people, and so it will go out to the members. It will be on their website as a magazine. It will go out to visitors at the yacht club, but it's also being done a letterbox drop to 7,000 people living locally and 500 I can't remember the word they used, more affluent businesses with CEOs and whatnot. So yes, it's about, it is about the members, but it's actually about the local community also because they're looking for, the point of the magazine is more membership.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay, great. But it's good to have an offer here. And then I'm just, you know, as I'm going through this story again, I guess my main question is like, what exactly are we trying to convey here? That I'm gonna make friends, or that I have to go on adventures on my own, or that— what, like, what's the point of the story, I guess? It's a bit— and let me ask everyone else, if you, if you read this, that would, would you— does this blow your mind a little bit, tiny bit, at least 5%? Like, it is, it is adding value to you, this story? Everyone else is welcome to chime in. And, and if you do, if Sarah, if you, if you do know what is exactly what are we trying to get across with this story, because advertorial means like we're doing a, like a newsworthy story. That's, you know, it's like writing something for a newspaper.

Speaker B: And so, um, when I brought this last week, I brought, um, some advertorial subjects, uh, some record, uh, some brainstorming that ChatGPT did with some 5 headings or something. And I brought, um, some, uh, a written feedback from, um, another guy who sailed with us. And then I brought this interview, and this interview was done last year for another magazine, and this was the one that Christophe told me to use and to bring some main points out of that. So that's why I went with this, but it's not essential to go with this but I was just responding to the fact that I had a bunch of information and I was steered towards using these two chicks who have no experience and wanted to go sailing and what they got out of it.

Speaker A: Yeah, Sue says they seem like testimonials. Yeah, I personally don't feel super drawn into reading above You know, after the first few lines, I'm like, okay, what, what's, what I'm learning here? I don't, I don't, I don't find it super duper engaging. I think what could maybe be interesting though, and again, this is not going to take you long. You just go into ChatGPT and say, hey, this is great. This is a great start. Could we make it maybe about some, some lessons learned from sailing? And then one lesson can be about friendship, you know, you make friends while you're on the boat. One can be about adventuring solo and how that is, you know, amazing for your own personal development. So could it be more— I'm just thinking about if I'm reading this, does this excite me?

Speaker C: I think, I guess I'm getting there, Francisca. I think ideal as well, Sarah, perhaps to go maybe ask even for some of the themes that pops up perhaps. And so the themes also popping up as I'm reading, I can go straight to those points there because I guess you might already know as to why perhaps people want to come in and sell on this particular crew because this is about trying to sell the product, correct?

Speaker B: Yeah, yes, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely this one on the right has too much, too many words.

Speaker A: Um, when is your deadline, Sarah?

Speaker D: Um, she—

Speaker B: I just said to her that I would, um, she— that I would have had this meeting today and I would come back to her with some progress. Um, they're not print— they're not going to be ready to distribute until March, so I'm sure the timeline is not today, tomorrow, or the end of the week. Um, and I don't have a timeline. She's just, um, waiting for my feedback.

Speaker A: Yeah, let me, let me suggest something, because I've done lots of press releases, I've done lots of advertorials. Let me just, in the sake of time, because I have a meeting at 2 and we have so many questions, let me as an exception, just write this for you later after my meetings and send you another draft.

Speaker B: All right.

Speaker E: All right.

Speaker A: How many words have you got?

Speaker B: 230 on the right side and 60 on the left side.

Speaker A: All right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna whip something up for you later by tomorrow and send it, email it to you, and then see if you can work with that.

Speaker B: Okay, amazing. Thank you.

Speaker A: You're welcome.

Speaker B: It's a good start.

Speaker A: I'm just conscious of if I read this in a magazine, I wouldn't, it wouldn't pull me in too much. It's, you know, a news article needs to be a bit exciting, a bit, and advertorial is like, oh, I'm really, I'm learning something.

Speaker B: And it isn't really a magazine, it's a brochure. It is, it's a brochure.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, great. Yeah, I'll come up with something for you.

Speaker B: All right, thank you very much.

Speaker A: You are welcome. And then we'll, we'll look at Tina's, and then I think Sue said Beth can go before her because it's so late for Beth. So let's look at Tina's. Is Tina, you're here? Yes, Tina. Yeah, I want to share your question.

Speaker E: Um, let Beth go. It's—

Speaker A: are you sure?

Speaker E: Yeah, let Beth go.

Speaker F: All right, back.

Speaker A: I got back. Not here. Some of you sent in some stuff very late today. Just saying, Fran.

Speaker C: I'll tick that box then.

Speaker A: Beth, do you want to share your question?

Speaker F: Sure. I basically just wanted to see if you were— if this concept for content of a new website for the new initiative made sense to you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Do you want to let everyone know who you are and what you do and then what the new— Sure. Revisited offering is?

Speaker F: Yeah, main company, Sessin and Associates, is a boutique search firm serving primarily nonprofits. I was a DEI recruiter. That's not playing well here in the US right now, so we've shifted that out and we're opening up some new avenues. I used to be a career coach back in the day. I wrote resumes and helped people get their heads wrapped around what they needed to do for next steps. So I have brushed that off. I'm actually re-upping my career coaching certification, and I came up with this content for a new initiative called the— called Career Concierge by Cessna. And it's basically a hands-on turnkey. You come to us, you get career coaching, you get your resume written or rehabbed for you. We actually pull, um, position— as many positions as we can find publicly available in your area and help get you set up for application purposes. We are basically working with them very much like, um, Basic Bananas works with, um, uh, your clients, which is basically a job search mentor. Um, but with, you know, a fair degree of hands-on, let me do this for you. And there's different packages, you know, more service costs you more money.

Speaker A: So, and the whole goal, while they would want that, is because they want to need a job, right? That's the whole correct outcome of working with you is to land a job.

Speaker F: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Like any kind of job or their dream job or something that they are passionate about? Is that a focus?

Speaker F: Um, with the amount of unemployment right now, I think people would just like an income. Yeah, there's, uh, this is the first time in the DC metro area in about 50 years that people actually can't find jobs. So, um, so, but yeah. Pretty much land, land positions that will pay them, that will meet their needs. Dream jobs are great, but I don't— I'm not getting that from our potential customers right now.

Speaker A: Okay, great. So I would say I really like the offering. I would say the only— I mean, you know your audience more. Sometimes that demographic can struggle to actually have the money to pay for yourself. I'm sure you've done the research to make sure that they can afford you.

Speaker F: Sure. I, I don't need 10,000 of them.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker F: I just need 10 or 15 a month.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker F: So, yeah, there's, there's, this is probably one of the highest income earning areas in the country. So if anybody can afford 2 or 3 grand it would probably be this area. And we're not going to be for everybody.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yes, that's perfect. So I think it's, it's really, it's a good, it's a good opportunity for you right now, adjusting to the market needs and going where the market needs you. And I would just say, you know, when we, when we read this headline, we always want the first thing to be very much about what they want. Because again, you know, I don't wake up, let's say I don't have a job and I need a job. I don't wake up thinking, oh, I really wish I had some career support and I wish somebody could help me identify roles and deliver the right materials. No, no, no. I wake up thinking, I just wish I had a job that pays my bills. So the headline, I would say, let's make it more— and you know their language better than I do, right? The headline, I would make it about the outcome.

Speaker F: Okay. Yeah, that, that's a little rough around the edges as far as how people view themselves. I get what you're saying. I think there's a different way for me to word it that eases people into it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker F: These are still people that view themselves as 6-figure earners.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker F: Irrespective of the quiet desperation.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker F: All right. That's great advice. So what I'll do, and also taking the advice that you just shared before, is to go ahead and make sure that it's about them, shorten the sentences a bit. I actually started to do it on another document. I started to mess around with Claude AI.

Speaker A: Great.

Speaker F: Which is a little bit— it's a little bit more analytical and it also is— it writes cleaner stuff.

Speaker A: So you like it more than ChatGPT?

Speaker F: I like them both for different things.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I think they're both probably a better copywriter.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, so what I would say— yeah, go ahead.

Speaker F: I'm sorry.

Speaker A: No, I would say add some sort of a headline here, something that, that catches my attention if I'm not in that demographic. And then maybe I just have a few questions that again are things that I, as, as your prospect, I'm looking for. And I would do both positive. So are you looking for blah? But I would also do some, something that is tapping into my fear. Are you worried about going for too long or becoming irrelevant to your job, to your industry. So just things that I, as an ex-high-income owner, have— I'm struggling with. So that then they go, yeah, that's me, that's me, that's me, that's me. And then that's the next sentence then after that. So headline here. Okay. Oh, and then, and then a few questions, just 3 questions is Sorry, headline. 3 questions, and then that's perfect. Then you can continue here with that. And then we could again, because the we word is not as powerful as the you word, so what you will receive, for example, you could add. And you can wordsmith this a little bit. This might not be the right sentence.

Speaker F: Got it. No, no, I get it. I, I just need to take a different tact on this.

Speaker A: It's actually really good. I feel like what you've already done is really good. And then just those few little tweaks. The main tweak is at the top to get them even reading, right? The first sort of headline and, and questions. The whole point is for them to get read, to keep reading, right?

Speaker H: We're at—

Speaker F: I'm adding a whole, a, a brief section about how to use AI in your job search. Right, because people are using, just throwing their stuff in AI and coming out with a resume that's clearly been written by AI, which employers are throwing out. So there's some additional, I think, meat. Yeah, AI is sexy. So I'll pull that in as well and maybe do a 30-minute seminar as my giveaway on marketing. To get people in how to use AI in your job search and then have that be a focal point, like some of your stuff that you've been doing to help pull more interest into the organization who ultimately may buy a package on a bigger mentoring process. Okay. All right. I gotta get rid of the we.

Speaker A: Yeah. And also just quickly, um, I'm just gonna ask up and you can always get rid of it. Guarantee the perfect job offer, but we can guarantee optimizing or maximizing. Sorry, that's Australian spelling here. Um, your chances. So, cause that, that for me, cause we don't promise outcomes. You do promise outcomes, just not job outcomes.

Speaker F: Right. Got it.

Speaker A: Cause that would, that would make me go, well, I want an outcome, otherwise I'm not paying you. Your outcome is that you optimize, maximize my chance to get a job. And the other thing here quickly, because obviously I'm on the other end where we hire people and you are, this is your whole thing. You know that, you know that there's a massive difference between CVs and letters and like when somebody just does little tweaks, you know that it can actually get someone an interview just by changing not their who they are or their experience, but the way that they approach a job.

Speaker F: Yes.

Speaker A: And I think that's something that people don't know, that everyone who sends me resumes, they just send really crappy letters, and then it's like, no, I'm not even looking at that. Somebody else who has a little bit more emotional awareness will send something a bit more tailored. I'm like, okay, I look at this. So I feel like there could be a little fact in there that, you know, There might be some fact, you know, did you know that if you just adjust or if you use a few specific words in your resume or your cover letter, it can actually increase your chances to get an interview by X percent? Okay. Because we want to have a little bit of like, oh really, I wonder what they are. I wonder what these changes are that I need to make. Because you know all the hacks, that's why people pay you for this career coaching. Yeah. Yeah, all right. And then the rest is awesome.

Speaker F: Well, it looks like I've got a fair degree of stuff that I need to do as far as the we and just a refocusing.

Speaker A: No, it's okay. Some of this is okay. This, this is actually okay. What, what makes our approach different, you know, this— some we is okay. Okay, not starting with too much of who we are, but more about what they need, actually what they want more than what they need even. All right, yeah, cool.

Speaker F: Thank you for spending the time on that. Thanks guys for putting me in the front of the class. They're really kind.

Speaker A: Oh, we have an awesome group here. They will always, they will always support anyone they can. I really appreciate it too. Thank you.

Speaker F: Absolutely. Tina.

Speaker D: Hello.

Speaker A: Hello. Do you want to share your question?

Speaker E: Yes. Well, I don't know. I might just start with one, let other people go, because I did have 3 quick questions. Look, I haven't had a chance. I haven't had a good chance to look in the answers. Might be in the community somewhere, but I do plan to spend more time. So I apologize if some of these are— No, that's perfect.

Speaker H: Okay.

Speaker E: So my question is, I need to get some more reviews going. I've been slack in that department. Both for Google and for Facebook. What is the best way to get reviews? I'm sort of thinking— I'm seeing a lot of these QR codes coming up. Some of them cost like $60, then I see $5 ones on Temu, so I'm getting confused. Is there a difference, or should I be emailing my clients, or should we be doing them straight after? Obviously, once it makes sense, if I can get the boys to do it out on the road right there and then, Yes, and get them to help word them or make it easy for them. However, asking my staff to do that sort of thing is not always that easy. So that's my first question.

Speaker A: Who here has got good— has got Google reviews and feels like you're nailing a little bit the Google reviews process? Does anyone here get Google reviews? I might just quickly take— and maybe wants to share their experience. And if not, that's okay. I'll share, I'll share mine.

Speaker C: I haven't used Google Reviews yet, so this is your invitation, Fran.

Speaker F: Yep.

Speaker C: So it's coming up next.

Speaker E: Yay. Good question then.

Speaker H: Yeah.

Speaker A: Awesome question. Uh, yes, Jen. Yes. We just send an email to clients the day after. Yes. Yeah. Really good. The only ones I get are the ones I actually ask for. Yes. That's also usually true. My question to you all is, when are your clients the happiest? It's a very— for you, it's a very obvious answer.

Speaker E: Yep, straight away, as soon as they've done work with you.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, because you usually— you, you do locks and stuff, right?

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's usually when they're the happiest. So that's— and so I wouldn't even worry. I've never seen these, actually. I've never bought one of these batches or anything. You can buy one, but I think the best thing to do is just ask people But you say obviously your team is maybe not that, you know, good at—

Speaker E: I was thinking a way of making it easy for them. So we have two shops, so we could put them at the counters, but then we could also get negative reviews that way. Um, or the boys could have one on and they could just hand it over, say, just scan this code, because you're making it easy for them and easy for the client. I'm sort of thinking what's an easy way.

Speaker A: Yeah, and then you need to give them the script too.

Speaker E: Yeah, I know. I've heard that.

Speaker A: But that's okay. You just like, it's very easy. The script is just, hey, we are, you're a family business, right?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. We're a small family business and we very much rely on people saying nice things about us. Would you be happy to leave us a review? It would make such a huge difference. Okay. Something just very sincere like that. And then the other thing you can do is if they can't do it or you think that they're going to be too busy or forget, Could you, you have their phone numbers, like if you come and fix my lock, could you send me a text message?

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker A: That from your system possibly, or somehow from your phone even and say, hey, thank you so much for, for the work. We are a small family business and we are just so grateful for anything we get to do to support our community to stay safe. Would you be able to leave us a Google review? You can just click on this link.

Speaker E: Is it true you need to have a Google account to leave a Google review?

Speaker A: I think you do.

Speaker E: Yeah, so sometimes you could lose people that way, couldn't you? But then they could do a Facebook account, they could do a Facebook review.

Speaker A: Exactly, they might say, hey, I don't have one, then you can always just send— they can say, send them the Facebook one.

Speaker E: Yeah, so would you just send the link? Is that what you would do?

Speaker A: Yeah, I would just text them the link for the Google review. Okay, but I would text the both angles. So give it to your team, that the ones that fix the locks And ask them to ask and then also send a text message.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker F: I don't use Google reviews, but a dear friend of mine runs a pet sitting service. She sends out a text and says, thank you so much for the opportunity to take care of pooch. Could I ask you to leave us a 5-star review to help us serve others as well? That also cues people in. They need to do a 5-star, not a 4-star, not a 2-star, a 5-star. So I like it.

Speaker E: That's nice.

Speaker A: Yeah, I like it. Yeah, that's really good.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: That's really good. And the next question you had is how to get some quick sales right now to improve revenue.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: What are some, what are some fast ways to improve our chances of winning work right now? My question is So it's Christmas season, holiday season. What do your demographic— what do people need right now in your, in your location? Is there more theft around Christmas? Is there like—

Speaker E: well, the problem is, um, I don't know, their security is probably not the first thing on their mind. But if we're smarter, we should be educating them leading up, say a month or two before. We should be letting them know this is the silly season, this is when break-ins happen, this is— but that's too late now. So, um, I know I don't, you know, but I'm just sort of thinking that's what they should be looking at, do you know what I mean? Like, but it's— yeah, we're, we're going to be too busy to help them now, do you know what I mean? Because there's only, what, 5 days left?

Speaker A: Yeah, but then also it's holidays, people go away, so maybe it could be a good campaign message to go Because January is probably going to be quiet for you, but it might, should be busy as people go away and probably should look at their security. So with campaigns like that, because it's like, how can I make a quick buck? It's, the question is, what do they need in this season right now? Because the needs change. But right now in Australia, it's all about people go away on holidays, the house are left, you know, alone. So could there be, and this could just be to your database. You know, you could— how big is your database?

Speaker E: Um, about 10,000.

Speaker A: Oh wow, it's huge.

Speaker E: Yeah, well, we've been around a long time, but I've never done anything with it. So I mean, I have so much opportunity, but my perfectionism and my, um, I don't want to do it wrong and I've got to do it perfect, and I've never done any advertising in 6 years. So it's like we've got opportunity, it's sitting there, but I kind of— my perfectionism, I want to do it the right way.

Speaker A: I think we just do one thing at a time today.

Speaker E: And that's why I'm asking. Yeah.

Speaker A: The Google Reviews is one thing. We do two things at a time. The next thing that I'd love for you to do is just write one email, a short email. Have you never sent an email to your database?

Speaker E: Never.

Speaker A: Okay. It would just be a very short email to say, hey, Tina, hey, it's Tina here. And I just wanted to wish you a happy festive season. Thank you so much for having worked with us in the past. If you are away or if you're, if you're planning to go away for the school holidays and you would love us to come and have a look at your security system, is that what it is?

Speaker E: Yes, sort of. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's better language probably that you use.

Speaker E: That's fine.

Speaker A: Please respond to this email and we'll find a time for us to come over.

Speaker B: Yep. That's it.

Speaker E: Yeah. So basically reach out to your database. Yeah. That's what I was thinking you were going to say would be a good starting point because they already know us. They're already a warm audience. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, and there will be people in there that are like, yes, actually I do have the bloody garage door that has been not working for ages, or I got the washroom door that actually hasn't been locking for ages but I've never gotten around to it, and now you send me an email, like, actually, wait a second, I can probably just get this done.

Speaker E: What I've also done is I've actually, um, put them into industries. So like, there's be— there'll be like the residentials, which is obviously the market that you would get around this time. Um, there's like schools, which is a bad time right now, but but, uh, aged care. So I've got them in segments so I can tailor it to that niche. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yes, definitely. Yeah, definitely just do the residential for right now.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker E: I don't feel like the same email going out to everyone is the right approach. So I'll make sure I target it. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Maybe residential one and business could be another one because people shut down their business.

Speaker E: Yep.

Speaker A: So that could be another good one for—

Speaker E: Excellent.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Okay. All right. That's what I thought I should start with. Yeah.

Speaker F: So yeah, you know, our local locksmith sent— I've seen two ads from them recently. One was for an electronic lock, like the push-button lock on the front door, and the second was clearly very targeted to where I live. I live in a historic area, and they have special locks that look like the original historic doorknobs and locks, but they're modern. So he keyed in on a—

Speaker E: so keyed in on a particular thing rather than abroad. Yep, I like that.

Speaker A: Okay, really cool. Yeah, really cool. Yeah, targeted, specific to what they need. Yep, right now, not, hey, how about we help you with your security? No, it's like Christmas, busy, you're busy, you're out and about, you don't want to worry about your house, we can come.

Speaker E: Okay, awesome.

Speaker D: Really good.

Speaker E: Thank you. Did you have a third question about Oh, I did, but it's probably me being silly. So what happened was I've set up a Facebook account. I'd set up a— sorry, my personal Facebook account. I'd set up a business Instagram account. Something silly asked me on there, would you like to connect them together? And I accidentally hit yes, and it's kind of all mushed now. Yeah, I need to unlink it, and I've tried to Google it.

Speaker A: No, ChatGPT it. This is a question— this is something that I would struggle with.

Speaker B: I did that.

Speaker A: Did you go ChatGPT?

Speaker E: I did. And then it sort of said if I wanted to unlink. So my question is, I probably should unlink them. Should I at some point connect the, the Instagram and the Facebook together as, as business and business and personal and personal?

Speaker A: Is that what people do? Yeah, you only do that if you want to post the same thing on both channels.

Speaker E: I did see that. Yeah, I did read that. Yes, got you.

Speaker A: Yeah, then you do it. And I've definitely done it. I think I've done it. And I just asked ChatGPT, and then if I can't do it, I'm like, sorry, I can't find that button, give me another option.

Speaker E: Okay, so that's the reason for linking is mainly posting. It'll post in both places. Okay, so unlinking is not going to mess everything up.

Speaker A: Nothing.

Speaker E: Okay, all right, I'm happy to give it a crack then.

Speaker A: I saw the instructions, I was like I know it's one of these things and Meta, the whole Meta platform can be very clunky and painful and annoying. So just awesome. I've lost so much time on these platforms and I've, we, one of our accounts got hacked and I still hacked it. Like I've just kind of given up on some of them.

Speaker E: Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you so much everyone.

Speaker A: No, really well done and I can't wait to see how you go with the campaign and the reviews too.

Speaker E: Thank you.

Speaker A: Awesome. Now Sue, thank you so much for giving best, uh, priority. So do you want to ask your— hey, do you want to ask a question? I've got your— I've also got your pages open, so I might just share my screen.

Speaker G: Yeah, so, uh, I am a naturopath and counselor, and I've got kind of two businesses. One is, um, working with the graduates you can see here, um, and also working with menopausal women. If we— and I just wanted to— these are the pages on my website. And I just wanted to have a look at a Facebook ad because I wanted to try and advertise over January for the graduates to come and see me. Um, there are a few packages there and also the menopausal program that I have.

Speaker A: It's a good time of the year to get people interested for you. So let's look at this one first. So, so your idea is this is the landing page for the graduate naturopath? Nutritionist, and your idea is to get to drive people here with ads for them to then purchase.

Speaker G: So there's a free— I tried to do what I think it was Christo said, a free thing, or maybe it was you, and then a not a little bit more expensive thing, you know, like a little thing. And then I've got my programs and courses, and also I've got some pathology webinars and, and education on there as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, really good.

Speaker G: Oh, that looks—

Speaker A: yeah, it's looking a bit funky here.

Speaker G: Okay, I've had my IT guy helping, so I'll ask him to figure that out.

Speaker A: Yeah, see if it looks the same on your screen. Sometimes it also could be my screen, but I'm on a very big screen here. Yeah, so the question is, do we like this page?

Speaker G: Yes.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker A: Not the headline. Okay. So again, we're thinking, so we need to put ourselves into the shoes of a graduate. So I'm a graduate. I have just become a naturopath or nutritionist. I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm very green and I need help because I don't even know how to get clients. I don't even know how to help anyone. I'm a student, like I've just gone through a program. So now I'm coming here, the headline again needs to pull me in. So what, so what, what are these people usually struggling with? Like the experience?

Speaker B: Yeah, how to—

Speaker G: yeah, all of— yeah, they— well, yes, so they're probably nervous going out on their own. They have had a really good support structure around them up until now, and I— so I can help them with getting their clinics up and running, so starting a small business effectively, and also, you know, with the technical stuff about anything a patient comes in with, reading pathology, which we— they're not strong on, that kind of thing.

Speaker A: Yeah, great. So I think again we could probably follow a little bit what we did with Beth in the— at the very beginning. Maybe we have, you know, a few— even you kind of got a headline here, so we could just start with some questions. Are you a new graduate stepping into a clinical practice and feeling a little bit overwhelmed? Question. Would you, would you love to have a very experienced mentor with 50+ years experience to help you fast-track your success? You can, you can just whip this into ChatGPT and say, hey, can you give me some really good desire and frustration statements that are targeting graduates to make them want to read more?

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker C: As I'm listening to the conversation, I'm thinking here, if somewhere there, if there was some sort of a pathway 'cause I can only imagine that you're going to be getting people at different stages on their path perhaps. And so I'll be wondering if when they're clicking in, if you are beginner, then that's going to be for you perhaps, and if you're a bit more advanced then, and so forth. So it started to become a lot more specific, and then I think, yeah, I'm wondering if something along those lines could be of interest, 'cause that'll be perhaps In my case, sometimes I'm looking for things, you know, here's the pathways, then I just need to be looking for something that relates to me. And so giving your knowledge, then I think if you're able to create almost a bit of a mind map just to see where they might be at, as you're saying, some of them may just come in, might be working for somebody else, but some of them maybe want to run their own practice. So if they're combined, then just to try to meet them where they're at, and then hopefully that starts to Anyway, just a couple of ideas.

Speaker G: So I tried to kind of do that with the packages down below, which may or may not be able to read because they're all squashed together. I hadn't noticed that. Um, for starting, you know, and then maybe people who are a little bit more advanced, been in practice for maybe a year or two or three.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, right, perfect. And I think you can just add that sentence down here. You can say We, we have support for at every level from a grad toolkit to more, to more one-on-one mentoring to support you on this journey, which, which then leads us into the different bundles down here.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then it's the same here. So this one here is, so this one is for women going through menopause.

Speaker G: Yes.

Speaker A: This is actually a pretty good headline. And, you know, some people here that are in that, in that age category. I'd love to hear from you. Would this— you read this, you see an ad on maybe Facebook about this, and then you come to this page— would this make you want to connect with Sue?

Speaker F: I think that's a good headline.

Speaker H: It's a little bit late for me to join, but that's too small for me.

Speaker A: What do you mean too small?

Speaker H: Well, I'm just saying that people who are going through menopause generally have these eyesight problems that I have. I would, um, I would bold that. I would bold that and change it.

Speaker F: The, the typeface is particularly small in this website, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Okay, okay.

Speaker B: I'm saying we're all—

Speaker A: I'm wearing contacts though.

Speaker H: We don't have eye problems when we do, so we don't go and get glasses when we probably should. And I would make that Tight face a little bit.

Speaker G: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: Oh, so funny. Um, okay, cool, that's great feedback. I'm wearing contacts, so I'm fine, but I can understand.

Speaker G: I've got my glasses on.

Speaker A: Exactly. I don't know why these girls are not wearing glasses, to be honest. Going like this, I'm like, where are your glasses? That's a different business. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker F: It's a pride thing.

Speaker A: Okay, I love glasses. I think they're really cool, but hey, this is not about that. Okay, great feedback. Um, what about the copy?

Speaker H: Read it.

Speaker A: Can't read it yet. That's right, sorry. But, um, yeah, yeah, I think, I think my main thing about menopause, and I think something that you, I think, are really good at too, I feel like the way that people talk about it is as if it was ill health. Like, the way that I think a lot of people talk about it is like as if it was ill health, whereas it's actually a very— it's not ill health, it's just very natural. And so this— when people talk about menopause, normally your competitors that talk about it as if it was a disease, whereas I would love to see someone who is talking at it as a passage into the next epic chapter. That would make me go, yep, this girl gets it. I'm not getting treated for something that is a disease. I'm getting support to go through this passage to come out the other end better.

Speaker E: Yeah, I agree. Also something like saying, you know, you're normal, like, you know, it's not— yeah, this is normal, you know, um, and you need help navigating through this, you know.

Speaker A: So yeah, I think that's pretty much the feedback that I would give you too. You have some good stuff here, you know, Thrive and Rediscover Your Health is more about yourself. That's really cool. And again, probably there could be a little bit of a fact in there that makes the people that are a bit more scientifically oriented like me and Caroline, they like hard facts. There might be a little bit of a hard fact in there about, you know, that there are very simple things you can do that will make your journey so much more enjoyable. Or that, you know, like 80% of women who go through menopause when they realize that there are 5 things that they can do, suddenly it becomes an exciting journey rather than a have to do this thing.

Speaker E: Oh, that's good. I like that.

Speaker A: That was slightly, slightly adjusted language, but along those lines.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah, that would get me more excited too. Yeah, me too, because it just does feel a bit standard. Sorry, don't take that wrong. I just sort of— I would— you're up against so many different people, it's like, yeah. And you're in it, I guess just sitting back and going, something's got to jump out at you. There's got to be even one line, one line's just got to jump out at you.

Speaker A: And also, I know so many women, and probably here, they can either go to the doctor and get prescribed some bullshit medicine, or they can come to you and do it in a way that is actually more meant to be, you know, conducive to making this good. But that's probably something you don't have to, don't have to shame anyone, but again, making it more positive, and that there are a few things you can do naturally, because you do things naturally, you're naturopath, that will completely change the journey.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Cool. Otherwise, really good.

Speaker G: Okay. And the packages down the bottom, is that okay?

Speaker A: Oh, let's have a look.

Speaker G: So that's the first one, is the self-guided program that they can buy, um, and then people can work with me for 3 months or 6 months depending on, you know, as an individual.

Speaker E: Mhm.

Speaker G: And within those programs then they get the, the Thrive Through Menopause program as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think that's really good. The only thing that is bothering me a little bit is that they all have the price at the top except for this one has it here. So maybe just add that price at the top so I can compare straight away. $500, $1,000. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker E: I'm just going to say my OCD is kicking in and purchase here in the middle is— I don't know if that's a good thing being like that, but I would want it to be the same length, but that's just me.

Speaker G: Yes, I know.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, okay.

Speaker E: I don't know, it could be that I just need more copy in there.

Speaker A: Or the button can just— you mean you would like the button all on the same line?

Speaker E: Yeah, but that's not—

Speaker G: yeah, no, I agree. I just ran out of things to say.

Speaker A: Even this learn more, I probably would say purchase here too, or join, or something like that. Yeah, not the end of the world if it can't be done.

Speaker C: Maybe the end of the day, the bottom line is, is people interested, that will make no difference.

Speaker A: Yes, that is definitely the bottom line. Awesome. Hey, thank you so much everyone. Carolyn, we've got your website here. Did you want to give us any sort of introduction to this?

Speaker H: I'm sorry I'm really late, that's this time of year and I work in the legal world and people hate each other at this time of year, so I apologize. Um, no, not really. This is just based on my old, um, website. I'm really happy with it and I don't even know like if someone told me it was awful, I would probably tell them whatever. I just, um, I don't know, I just, um, for me I had more copy on the front page. The web developer has come in and said, no, you don't need that, and changed it. The only thing I think that I would change with this is financial agreements, only one of our services, and he's kind of made it into our main service. So my biggest thing is to go, um, in the background without going through it all is going, if we're getting divorced, the financial agreement is the one thing that people come to us for. But I don't know if it needs to be like— if we need to have the other things up the top as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, let's quickly check the video here for you so we can give you feedback. I, I think if that is one of the main reasons people would come to each other, it is the main reason people come.

Speaker H: But it's not what they need, but it is the main reason they come. So maybe on your website, our website, that's what we need to keep because that's why they turn up and that's the research.

Speaker A: Exactly. And it's again the whole marketing game where you, you offer what they want. I want financial agreement. Then you give them what they need once they're coming to you.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Say, Francisca, actually, okay, financial agreement, we can do that. But what you also need is this, this, this, and this. So let's, let's have a quick look. Actually, I need to share my sound with you because the guy's talking, isn't he?

Speaker H: Yeah, he's cool.

Speaker A: He's cool. Yeah, that's Justin. Yeah, yeah, yeah, great.

Speaker I: Hey Caroline and Dora as well. I'm just going to walk through our design mockup and I've taken your content that you provided, but I like it. I've used that as a basis for creating—

Speaker H: You changed the divorce agreements to blue. Remember we had it yellow and then changed it.

Speaker I: I just wanted to walk through these and tell you why I'm recommending these adjustments.

Speaker H: I don't mind it either.

Speaker A: I like the photo too.

Speaker I: I like the photo.

Speaker H: No, no, no, just the first 3 is where I think I said that in my—

Speaker I: Primary call to action would be to have a chat. And clicking on that is going to trigger the pop-up, which will have people selecting from the 3 scenarios that apply to them, and then they'll go through to the booking form from there. We've taken Dora's logo that she put together, and I thought it looked better having it with this sort of layout and using that script font that's on your current website for the fair and final.

Speaker H: So with that, I like the script font. He's put that all through it just to put it in different things.

Speaker I: It's one of the reasons for using this wording for all the main pages.

Speaker A: I found that more people are searching for divorce settlement than they are for divorce agreements.

Speaker H: I did not notice.

Speaker I: I really wanted to make sure I got the wording divorce settlement agreements in there. That is one of the—

Speaker A: I like how casual this is, have a chat.

Speaker I: That was the highest volume search for the sort of things. There really wasn't that many.

Speaker H: So that's on every page, and I really, really like that too. But I just wanted to see If this was— because we're lawyers, so I want to make sure that that's an okay thing in there.

Speaker I: Um, and I just wanted to keep—

Speaker H: do you know what I mean? Like an okay thing to have in the background. Is that too casual?

Speaker A: I don't think so. I mean, you're the lawyer. I'm not gonna— I'm only giving you marketing advice. If I was— from a marketing perspective and from a customer perspective, client perspective, this is so much less intimidating than any lawyer that is like book a meeting that it's going to cost you $1,000.

Speaker E: Agreed.

Speaker H: Yeah, cool. And that's why I'm asking, because for me, I would never write 'have a chat.' It was something that he put in, and I really like it, but I was just like, oh, is that too casual?

Speaker A: Because you're also standing out, because you are the one lawyer that actually you can have a chat with without being— so for the people that you're targeting, women especially, I think you, you will have a lot of women coming to you That's nice. I think all of us even here go like, yep, I like it.

Speaker F: Mhm.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker H: Okay, cool.

Speaker B: It's cool.

Speaker A: I really like it. Do we need to watch more, or is that all you needed to—

Speaker H: Really, just if you can just fast forward to the next pages. They're all quite similar that have the— have a chat. Just don't go through it. Like, just—

Speaker I: I mean, that's bullshit, but if you just, um, put that here, because I imagine proof to have—

Speaker H: I mean, I've got to change all of these things, but talking about that first, I guess my, my question is section here where it's— I've made it very casual on purpose, and I'm wondering now if I've made it too casual. Do you know what I mean? Like, I'm wondering if I've made it too—

Speaker I: identifying the agreements that you put together.

Speaker A: I don't think so. And so what's so casual about it? I don't know.

Speaker H: It's just, it's very— I don't know.

Speaker A: I just think it's— I don't think that's the right word. I think it's approachable. What you've made it is approachable, not casual. This still looks very professional, clean. I mean, the other website that I've looked at once, the one that you showed me, the simple something.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker A: Ugly, confusing, annoying.

Speaker H: Yeah. Okay. And I guess that that was our conversation before and I didn't want me to go, I want to be ugly, confusing, annoying.

Speaker A: Exactly. This is, this is approachable. I help. Should we do we help?

Speaker H: Yeah, I haven't changed all the copy in it. I just was— I was more— I looked at it and I was like, I'm not sure whether I'm trying to be something that we're not in that going, uh, in that we're going— I'm going, okay, we have to be approachable, all the things you're saying, but I still need to have that professionalism. And I just wasn't sure if I've gone too far.

Speaker A: Not at all.

Speaker H: I can change all of that. I can change all the copy. That's okay.

Speaker E: Caroline, it looks very relatable but still professional. So, and I think that's a hard thing to do. You're either going to be a lawyer, and I would never look at those ones, sorry, but I just wouldn't. And if you're too much the other way, then I, I wouldn't think you're serious. I think you've got a good mix in the middle.

Speaker H: Yeah, that was me when I was 21. I probably need to change that photo.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think the picture of you can be a bit better, um, a bit more, yeah, approachable.

Speaker H: Okay, all right, thank you.

Speaker A: I love it. Hey, I'm very impressed by this first draft because normally And he's not the most visual guy. This guy is very, very smart. That's why I like him. So he's very strategic, but he's not visual. But he's nailed it in terms of being an asshole to him.

Speaker H: So he probably thinks, I hope she goes away.

Speaker A: Gonna message him, say, in what, as in what my brief is and whatever.

Speaker H: But I really, I, I did really like it. I just, my, my whole thing again was, have I gone too stupidly far? No, because that's what I do.

Speaker A: Not at all. I think it's really nailing it. I am really positively impressed by that whole first draft that I've seen. I think it's, it's approachable. It's, it's relaxed, approachable for me as your potential customer. I think it's absolutely amazing. Okay.

Speaker H: Thank you.

Speaker A: Clean. And again, clean because already when you're in this chaotic situation and stress, you come to this website, it's like, oh, I can relax looking at this blue and yellow and it's clean and approachable.

Speaker H: And you think that have a chat is okay? I love it because I was like, oh, okay, good.

Speaker A: I love it.

Speaker F: Okay.

Speaker H: Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Um, Jen, did you want to ask your question?

Speaker D: It's 2 o'clock. You've got to go.

Speaker A: I know, but I just messaged. I'll just mention to guys and said I'm 10 minutes late. It's all good.

Speaker D: All right. So I'm really confused with how to handle all the socials and everything. I'm starting to launch the Business Growth Academy part of the business, but I, because I've held off to do just the Got Money Honey, and I can't hold off any longer because I need to get moving with that. So I don't know whether on the Jen Richardson site just to keep everything just Got Money Honey and then start new socials called Business Growth Academy because, you know, I don't want to confuse the algorithm, God bless its little cotton socks, um, and everything else. Um, so that was my first part of the question. Do I just do everything and keep them all separate? Thinking that somewhere along the line I can move it. The website has Business Growth Academy hidden at the moment and I can open it back up and I don't want to start another website. I just want to stick with the one website, but I can direct them just to that one. So it was more the socials. And then for the accounting group here, um, as you know, I'm just trying to build it so that I can sell it off. So, um, I just want to know whether, you know, to really push the— because we're going to start doing bookkeeping as a service, and I want to be able to push the loans and the accounting side of it to overcome the number of individual tax returns we've got, which is impeding our sale value.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: If I do that, do I do Monday as a focus for, say, loans? Wednesday will be a focus on social media. This is on business growth. Friday might be bookkeeping and do it that way. Is that the easiest way to do it?

Speaker A: In terms of social media content? Yeah. Yeah. The content themes, I think, are the easiest if you have, if you have themes like that. I think the more bigger picture strategic question is for the accounting practice that you want to sell, is that the same website or what's the website?

Speaker D: It's a different website. That's Jen, it's 123 Financial Group.

Speaker E: Oh, that's right.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. That's that one. Yeah. Cause that needs to obviously be separate because nobody's going to buy this one here.

Speaker D: No.

Speaker A: So you, so your first question, maybe we start with this first question here is for this. So you've got this website here, then you've got the Money Makeover Program. And then the Business Growth Academy is a new, not new, but it's always there.

Speaker D: I used to have it. Are you here for women's personal finance? Are you here for business growth? But then I decided to hide everything to do with Business Growth Academy. And just concentrate on one, build one, then move to the next. But that was 12 months ago and I can't wait any longer.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker D: So I can unlock everything. So when you come to the homepage, it'll be Got Money Honey, women's female financial literacy, or ready to build your business and you'll go off in the two different directions.

Speaker A: Yeah. I think that's a better option because obviously you as Jen Richardson, you're known for both of those for the the women's financial literature, but also to help people grow their businesses.

Speaker D: But what do I do with socials? Because on socials I can't do that because it'll be a real mixed message. So I was thinking of just getting a new set of socials under Business Growth Academy.

Speaker A: Can you not do everything under Generative? Is that too— because some of these markets are actually, you know, they don't overlap too much, do they?

Speaker D: They don't overlap at all.

Speaker A: One is business owners and one is women.

Speaker D: Yeah, but one's growing your business and increasing your profit margins and things like that. And the other one is getting control of your shit.

Speaker A: Yeah, without even running a business, right? That's any woman. Yeah, yeah, it's a completely different market. Because if it was the same market, then it would just be Jen Richardson is going to talk about all these different things.

Speaker D: And I figured that in time I probably could bring them across, but I just thought even just that Business Growth Academy, if it has its own set of socials, just means that if they go there, they're not going to find Business Growth Academy on www.

Speaker A: But it doesn't matter if, like, if you have social media on this, that the only thing with social media is that the, you know, the reason why you would do, say, an Instagram, Facebook, YouTube under this name is really to then run ads. In that name. Yeah, because building an audience is going to take ages these days. I wouldn't even worry too much about that. It's a bit exhausting. But the only reason you would do— and that's so kind of a yes to your question— the only reason you would do, uh, say an Instagram account, Facebook, and LinkedIn page under this name is so that you can then run ads.

Speaker D: Yeah, which is what I'm starting to do in the new year.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, and then it— so, so yes, I would do a new set of socials, even though it really pains me to say that because I really don't like all the effort that goes into it. I know, but the whole point is not so much— you don't— even if you just post 3 times a week on this one and then just run ads, that's good enough. Yeah, because nobody looks at the 3 posts a week anyway, but they will probably just come and make sure that this is actually an active business when they see the ad.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay. All right.

Speaker G: Cool.

Speaker A: That's that. And then, and then what was the second question?

Speaker D: This one would, would be just, would I silo the different businesses' social posts into different days? But I think that's it.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that's for you. That's more for your own sake is the, the ChatGPT that we shared this morning, the custom GPT this morning follows that structure of having themes. For different days just for your own sake of planning.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: And to outsource this to a team member.

Speaker D: Yeah. And so then if I'm running ads, I can still run ads just randomly. It doesn't matter, does it? Because that's going to target different people anyway.

Speaker A: Yeah. The ads are completely separate. They— you just choose on the ads who you want to target. You can— for this one here, if you run ads to this, obviously you need to have a really good offer, usually a really low risk entry-level thing and you can just say you only want to show this to business owners in Australia.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: And then this one here, if you did ads, obviously you've already done that, you only show it to women.

Speaker D: Yeah. Doesn't always get that right though.

Speaker A: No. No.

Speaker D: Okay, cool.

Speaker A: Thank you. Does that more make sense? Yep.

Speaker D: That's what I thought it would be, but I just thought I better double check.

Speaker A: Yeah. Perfect.

Speaker E: Awesome.

Speaker A: And last question, Francisco, you snuck in last minute. Well done. Here we go. Did you want to ask your question? Oh, sorry, you're on mute. I can't hear you.

Speaker C: Just saying this is the live website. So just, yeah, just a bit of an overview. That's about it.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's so good. It's so beautiful. Isn't it so good? You know, the only thing that stands out to me a little bit, but this might be a little bit of my own, what did Tina say she is before? OCD. I don't know if I'm completely OCD, but maybe a little bit. This makes me think that it's a really tiny, tiny, tiny business. It's a really massive mobile number. On here you might also get some spam calls. So I wonder.

Speaker C: No, it can be smaller.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Absolutely.

Speaker A: You probably got it at the top here anyway. See if you get spam. You don't get any spam calls by having your mobile here?

Speaker C: I got spam calls every single day. People trying to sell me electricity and health and blah blah blah.

Speaker A: I think it's a really beautiful website.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker A: Does anyone else want to share anything? I've seen this, the progress of this, and I'm extremely impressed. You've come such a long way. Insane.

Speaker C: Yeah, thank you, appreciate it.

Speaker H: Yeah, really beautiful. It's kind of like you go— yeah, it's something that you go to and go, this place is cool.

Speaker A: Yeah, and calm, you know, like I'm— I feel good. Before, we used to always get a little bit anxious looking at Fran's stuff.

Speaker C: But you know why, right? Because I never— I never associate the name Karma as you have to be calm.

Speaker A: I know.

Speaker C: So sometimes people think, oh, you must be very calm, but I don't even know. So that has been perhaps a lot.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, you've come such a long way. I'm so happy. Like end of 2025, you're nailing it now. It's beautiful. Even the thing behind you now, it's like, it doesn't make, give me any like anxiety or anything.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: No, it's, uh, now it's not. Thank you much. Much appreciated.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Love it. Awesome.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker D: Awesome.

Speaker A: Yeah. Beth just left. She's turning into a pumpkin. Cool. Because it's 10 at night for her over in the US. Those are all the questions. Thank you so much. This was our last in, actually, well, this year, the last advisory board, but we have next on this Friday coming, we'll send you an invite. We have a 45-minute fun session. I'm going to be at the office with Kevin and Christo in Narrabeen near where Carolyn lives from 1 to 1:45. We're going to do a live thing here like this. We'll send you the link just for 45 minutes, a bit of predictions for next year and a planning thing for you guys. So we'll send you the invite for that.

Speaker C: All right. Thank you.

Speaker A: So hopefully see you then. And Jen said, I hate really formal legal sites. Me too. This is so refreshing, Carolyn. I can't wait for you to get this out there and you're going to smash it. You're going to smash it. You just need somebody to do the boring bits and you do your thing and you're driving everyone nuts.

Speaker H: It's cool.

Speaker A: I know you are and it's okay. Keep driving people nuts. All right, have a good afternoon.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: See ya.

Speaker D: Bye. Bye.