Speaker A: Anyway, well, let's go. We're here to talk advisory board now. As usual on advisory board sessions, there's no right or wrong, good or bad. Everything as usual, keeping to ourselves. Obviously, we never know who knows who, so keep it confidential to look after one another here if it's anything sensitive. Not that it it really is today anyway. And yeah, and if you have any ideas, thoughts, experience, or anything you can share that relates to anyone else's questions, chime in. We would love a, we love a chime in. I love to be interrupted in the middle of it. I like to, like, I like the contribution. So more brains are always better than, than one or two. We're a small group today, so we can just go for it. So, and Michelle, you are first up. You had, so you had, let me pull it up so it's a bit bigger. This is the flyer.

Speaker B: Alright.

Speaker A: So you had feedback. Do you wanna talk us through what got you to this point with this one?

Speaker B: Maybe. So some really good feedback last week. So I was, I, it, I, the opportunity came up. I had come along not feeling I was ready to present anything because we were just getting started and I just dumped some ideas onto the sheet. And then Francesca said, oh, look, we don't have anything. So each of you can have a turn sharing something you're working on. And part of me wanted to go, oh no, I don't have anything. Because I was horrified at like, I didn't have it prepared. But actually it was the best experience because it actually was the feedback I needed right at that time and actually redirected what I did. So I think we incorporated most of the feedback I got from the group last week. And this is where we are today, which may not still be perfect, but I definitely feel better than what I presented last week. So this is a flyer to go out to GPs and mental health services and teams in the local area about a 6-month program that we run. And we've currently got some openings coming up in the next intake. And so, yeah, so it's gonna be given to services, but for to be given to clients or potential clients or family members.

Speaker A: And they'll pass it on.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's our target.

Speaker A: Well, yeah, awesome. Good on you for throwing it in the mix last time and making it happen because it's got you this far. Otherwise, it might be still, you know, up in the, in the thoughts, lost in the, but not a reality yet. So this is great. And always with any, it's good that you kind of were thrown on the spot, I think as well, it's a good practice. So keep in mind things never have to be perfect. That's why we have advisory boards. So it's to help you, you know, get it done rather than having to have it right. I hear it a lot from members. I just want to get it right before I send it through. I'm like, wait a sec, the whole point of it is try and get it right. So don't worry, it can be scribbled on paper. Literally it can be nothing. It can be just, hey, can we just talk about it and try and get like, what am I trying to say out of my head? Like it doesn't have to even at this stage or anywhere.

Speaker B: It really flipped how we targeted it from the information we'd had initially. Awesome.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I can see the marketing structure here. Now my big questions for you on this one, DBT Solutions, because it's going to industry, well, we'll call health practitioners or can categorize them as that. Do they know what DBT solutions are? Like, do people know what DBT is? What is DBT?

Speaker B: Yeah, so the mental health services will, a lot of GPs will, um, and that's why we put the tagline underneath comprehensive dialectical behavior therapy, because that's a point of difference from a lot of what people offer. Yeah, that they would know, like people would know, or know that means it's different than just a group or just DBT-informed sessions, individual sessions.

Speaker A: Okay, so because that's— because just for basically a headline, like if I just, um, to process this, because this is, this is my main question for the whole flyer, um, yeah, just, um, Generally, so we'll come back to what if DBT solutions, like the meaning of, like, I guess dialectical behavior therapy, just your headline alone, we have to often assume the reader knows less than we, than we do. So if they're dealing with someone with the common cold every day, or it's a receptionist at a general practitioner's Do they look at this and they glance at the biggest text on there says DBT Solutions? Do they know what that is or do they think that's a business name? Do you know what I mean? Like we have to assume often people don't really know, even the customers we can't assume they know unless it's really in the industry lingo, like totally 100% dialectical behavior therapy and people know DBT, but I'd Like, obviously I don't, but I'm not the market there. But, but maybe I have a child.

Speaker B: Mental. Yeah. Mental health services would be more likely. Oftentimes clients are being told, like in the emergency departments or by psychiatrists, you should go get DBT. And they don't even tell them what that is. They just say, go get DBT. And so that's, And I guess is what you're saying that we should have that second section bigger or more prominent than the title?

Speaker A: Like as a marketer, your headline is your money front. Like your headline, if I, to quote the grandfather of advertising, David Ogilvy, he always said, he's famous for saying you've spent 80 cents of every dollar on your marketing on the headline. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Headline is like, is 80 cents of your entire dollar. Like basically that's where your whole value sits to grab people's attention.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But the headline is, needs the most refining and focus of every bit of text on here. And so that's why for me it's like, if it doesn't intrigue the right person enough to kind of get what it is and intrigue them enough to get them to read the next line, it's not doing its job. So the job of the headline's like, the target market. Ah, that's got my attention and it's intrigued me enough to read the next.

Speaker B: Yeah. Who, who are these people? Like, what is this first and then who are they? Yeah.

Speaker A: And that's why it's like, it's like, it's something like, like if you said struggling with overwhelming emotions, you know, oh, okay, got it. Yeah. Anyone who's struggling with overwhelming emotions, I understand it. I've got it. Now I wanna read the next line.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like that line there is, is pretty awesome, but I don't know if that sort of summarizes, encompasses it all. Yeah, it could be that even if it was just dialectical behavior therapy was the headline, I don't know, do you need comprehensive? Or we could say that it's a comprehensive approach later somewhere in the text.

Speaker B: So even in that middle line, DBT Solutions is a 6-month comprehensive program includes— exactly. Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, just to get like And then even then, I'd still want to ask the question, does, like, and that's why, like, for dialectical behavior therapy, yeah, that commonly used enough? Is that still sort of like a bit, I don't know, like, detail-y what it is? Or do people—

Speaker B: does anyone else here know what that is? Probably not.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, you do.

Speaker C: Yeah. When you're a therapist, you know what it is.

Speaker D: But I'm thinking on the spectrum and with problems, you know what DBT is.

Speaker C: Yeah, it's pretty much gold standard treatment Kristo. It's a, it's in terms of psychological intervention.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: It's, um, evidence-based gold standard, but it's a program that takes a long time. It's not like a quick solution-focused therapy. It's you learn new emotional regulation skills.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: It sounds like something that's scientifically proven and works rather than an Instagram expert.

Speaker C: Is that correct? That's the, that's what sets it apart is, is it is gold standard.

Speaker A: Yeah, that sounds great.

Speaker E: Mm-hmm.

Speaker A: Sounds like it works.

Speaker D: I think it depends where this brochure's gonna go. If it went out to GPs, as you said, they're gonna know exactly what it is. It simply— but as Christo pointed out, like, if this was like hanging up in the shopping center, I would say 1 in X amount will know what DPT would mean, you know.

Speaker B: So where, where the, that question about where is your ideal customer hanging out, it's more the GPs. Emergency departments, the acute care teams, they definitely know, or social media. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Well, that sounds— it sounds like the market will get it because that's the question I just— we need— yeah, needed to pose to— yeah, see if they get it. And if, once again, if they— I don't know if these are printed off and sitting in the GP waiting room, um, Maybe, I guess, if someone is diagnosed and they need it, you know, like, then they understand it. It sounds like it. Um, so it sounds like you, you're probably even okay then with it. Like, if, um, Helen and Amy, if— do you think that headline as it is, DBT Solutions, is clear enough? Or should it be the whole word, acronym? Or should it be Dialectical Behaviour Therapy.

Speaker C: I would have something that draws more like best practice DBT or gold standard DBT because especially for GPs, like they're general practitioners, they're not necessarily going to know what DBT is. They might, but they might not because there's, you know, over 200 therapeutic modalities. I know it's a very research-based one, but yeah, you just don't know.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker C: And for other, if they're giving a flyer to somebody, like clients are always looking for that, like that silver bullet and just the words gold standard or best practice. Or evidence-based. Yeah. Yeah. Is what people are looking for.

Speaker D: Yeah. Can I ask, as a person who may purchase this for my son because he's done DBT before and in need of something, I don't— the only thing I would have that may have stopped me with this, and it might be in your scan QR code, is it online? Is it for kids? Is it for adults? That's the— I didn't know where where you were going with it.

Speaker C: Beautiful.

Speaker D: Yeah, that's exactly, um, yeah, that might have then been too hard for me or somebody who's sick to then pursue it a little bit further if it wasn't that obvious for them because they're unwell.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yep, they're stressed and overwhelmed and, and yeah, yep. I didn't even think of that.

Speaker A: That's perfect. It crossed my mind too if it needed something on there like because I see there's the individual therapies that can they be anywhere, or is this Northern Beaches based? It did cross my mind.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. And the, the adolescent programs are different. We only do the adult programs. The adolescent ones are structured differently.

Speaker D: So particularly say that somewhere in there. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Then I'd know, okay, this is easy. I can call someone and talk about it.

Speaker B: Yeah. I'm not going to get rejected. Got it. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker C: So could that go in the learn, uh, emotional regulation skills, uh, for adults to create real change with support every— so that you, you actually make that more tailored.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Even that 6 months could be adults, you know, 6-month program or DBT adult, you know, adults only 6-month program or something like that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So, so yeah, I was thinking, can we add in something to that DBT Solution 6-month It's getting longer and longer, but maybe it needs to be—

Speaker A: maybe it could be solutions there again because you've, you've covered that.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: The 6-month program.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: And can I ask one more question as person that may, what, purchase this? Would this be covered under any healthcare cover, you know, NBF or any of that sort of stuff? Can it be?

Speaker B: Yeah. So we've got a lot of information on that in the ScanMe on our website pages. So the cost, we've got all the costs laid out and then we've got what Medicare can cover and you can use NDIS funding or— yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah, I just wonder if that was a good pull me in.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: If I looked at that and knew I was poor, you know, which I am, would I go any further? I'd go, I can never afford this.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker C: This is the question.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. We would love to get the health funds to fund this, but that's a longer-term project. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: A couple of other things. I know it's hard for health professionals to often get social proof. Like, I know, I'm not sure, you probably can't use like a testimonial or something, but is there something you could put on there? I was thinking, the reason I thought I'd write in my notes, I wrote like maybe something like trusted by the Northern Beaches for over 15 years.

Speaker B: I don't think the new code of conduct's come out for psychologists. And APRA has quite strict guidelines. I'd, I'm very wary about going anywhere close to that line. Um, what about, because that's not in, not, um, could you say, you know, like obviously you are trusted, you're open and running, or you're, yeah, you just can't do any specialized or trusted or there's, there's really certain, I, I'll, I'll take that back to Joe to have a discussion about, but I just know that we tend to try and stay away from anything that could be therapy.

Speaker A: Maybe you could re, like the something like a, um, um, um, you know, like, I don't know, it's not providing support or something on the Northern—

Speaker B: how, how long we've been doing it. We've been running this for a very long time. I mean, that's just a statement of fact.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker B: So, you know, on our website we have like, you know, between the three of us there, we have like 50+ years of experience of doing this.

Speaker A: Yeah, could be some, something like that that just shows like, oh, you didn't just pop up yesterday because, yeah, you didn't, whereas everyone else did. And you got to practice that you're real. It's not like you're a, you just popped up out of nowhere. Also, or sometimes social proof could be like, I don't know if you got a business award or sometimes media mentions or saying that that's maybe not quite relevant, but or associations, memberships or accreditations, you know, sometimes there's a little like just some logos or something like, you know, trusted provider of blah blah blah association or something, you know, just something like that.

Speaker B: We'd like to be the first certified program in DBT, but, uh, in Australia, but we're— that's a long-term project.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Could you, um, could you provide like a number of how many people have done the course? I don't know if that is allowed, but then you can see at least I say, oh, you know, a couple hundred people have done this course. It's obviously got some type of merit to it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah, we just have to kind of be really careful in terms of, yeah.

Speaker A: Northern Beaches family-based business for over 15 years, 20 years. Some, you know, like something like that just gives a bit of trust and credibility.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Are you, well, are there, like typically are your customers Northern Beaches or are they everywhere? I guess it can be everywhere.

Speaker B: Look, because we run it face to face, really pretty much online or pretty much face to face at the moment, the, um, we're really only drawing from the local area because the Northern Beaches are a pain to get into and out of. So people are usually quite grateful to find that it's local. And they don't have to travel to the city or the western suburbs to get it. So that's, that's one thing. Yeah, so it is pretty, it is pretty local, but people, some people do travel, they will choose to travel.

Speaker D: Just another point, thinking about the consumer using this, as I know a consumer who's used this. I like the way you've got all the symbols there because that would be easy for them. You got to think of a person who wants to do this could be an, um, an unwell person. So you want to make this as simple as you can for them. Yeah, I'm not sure the word 6-month program would incite my son to want to do that. That's just to, you know, if that feels like a long-term commitment to somebody who's not feeling well.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it is. It's a big commitment.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, maybe that could be in the scan me part.

Speaker B: Yeah, yep, yep, it's true.

Speaker A: It could be step-by-step program or something like that.

Speaker D: Yeah, they're the words, step-by-step, or, um, we help you all the way through the program or something, you know, all-encompassing program includes assessment, individual, something like that.

Speaker E: Yeah, is, is that a matter then, uh, that the The support then is over customized to some degree.

Speaker B: Sorry, I missed that.

Speaker E: Is that the case then? Perhaps the support is customized?

Speaker B: Well, there's a structured program, but the way we do it is like you have the individual work that is customized and personalized. So you decide what you're going to target, what behaviors you want to develop or change. And then the skills groups are where you learn the skills, the information, and then your individual session is where you really get to fine-tune that for what you want. And then, of course, the skills coaching is individual as well.

Speaker E: I think I've loved that description of having that customized.

Speaker B: It's almost because that's often a criticism. Of DBT is it's a, it can be presented as way too rigid. So you're, yep. Okay.

Speaker E: And so, because I think as well, I think this notion, I think what I like what you just said there, for myself, it feels almost like that co-designed kind of a scenario where perhaps you, it's almost like as you can co-design your, your program between myself and the therapist, sort of that two-way process. I think that could be Yeah, I think that'll be something that perhaps would be interesting. Yeah, because I think when people look at this, if they know, okay, yeah, I can contribute in how to do my program, hopefully that then I think maybe that's sort of a 6 months, that could be a month, that could be a year. It doesn't really matter because then the person's already, you know, when we come in, I think that's when we will perhaps be seeing the whole the whole picture. Okay, these are what are going to be taken, and now they can keep along the way, or they can, if they decide perhaps to jump out, by all means. But that was their contribution in the process, perhaps.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: You've got a good reputation, Michelle. I just texted my son this because he would be your consumer, and he said, I remember Glenn, my psychologist, saying she was the DPT guru on the beaches.

Speaker B: There you go. Geez, I'll have to pay Glenn later. Oh, that's funny.

Speaker A: There you go. That's the headline next time.

Speaker B: There you go. DBT queen.

Speaker D: You're the DBT guru. Guru.

Speaker A: You could, that could be your LinkedIn, you know, DBT guru of the Northern Beaches.

Speaker C: I bet there's nothing in the guidelines that says you can't call yourself a guru.

Speaker B: I'm not sure. Okay. I'm so not gonna tell Jo that because she'll be like, yes, let's do that.

Speaker A: Cool. Well, you've got, have you got clarity there, Michelle, or something?

Speaker B: Yeah. I've been probably, I'll probably be back next week.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that's totally fine. That's the way to do it. I feel like that, you know, like you said, that one line there is getting longer and longer because as, as Fran was talking, then I was like, yeah, okay, maybe you could put, you know, Step-by-step tailored program or step-by-step adults tailored program includes, you know, but that can all work. So yeah, feel free to make changes and bring it next week and we keep it moving. Or if you want, you know, some specific part looked at sooner or something, you can post it in the members website in the community chat and just tag me and say, @Christo, can you, you know, this headline work or, you know, blah, blah, blah. Obviously, it's good on these sessions because we can discuss it.

Speaker B: This has been great feedback. Thank you.

Speaker A: Well, well done. So you're all good on that one, or if we move along, then I'll wrap that one up for now. Cool.

Speaker C: Awesome.

Speaker A: And yeah, as always, feel free to make changes and resubmit. And we'll jump on to our next question, which is Amy for you. Image the team have put in. Very good, very relevant. So you, um, basically recorded a series of videos on Zoom and need help improving the quality of the picture, splicing them up for an online course. Can we suggest both a do-it-yourself video editing program or, and also a done-for-you option so someone else can do the thing? Um, Now, I asked, so I chatted this through with my team, and Chris is doing most of the videos. So what I'll do is I'm gonna pop this into the chat on here so you can then copy it out.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker A: And then we'll talk it through.

Speaker B: Great.

Speaker A: Cool. So 3 programs. So these are just for the first part of the question, the do-it-yourself. Yeah. Canva, if you're already using Canva, so great option for beginners, as she said, in video editing because it's easy to use. You don't need to learn complicated tools, just drag, drop, edit ready-made templates. They also do have stock videos within the program so you can use their kind of stock and music. So that's already there. Capwing, beginner-friendly editor, kind of like Canva, more focused on video. Because Canva, have you used Canva at all? Do you use Canva?

Speaker C: Yeah, I have, but I've got a virtual assistant in the UK and so I rarely do anything now because she does most of that.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: You might be able to just palm it off to her. Palm it off to her.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Do that.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that makes this quicker because then she does all my socials.

Speaker C: So, yeah, I just, I just tell her the quotes that I want from my blog each fortnight and she just puts it all together in Canva and I'm on social media scrolling through and think, oh, that's a nice post and go, oh, it's mine.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think because it's, and then it's quicker for you to give her feedback to like, hey, keep the file open kind of thing as she edits it, exports it to you, you know, you have a look and then rewatch or if she can share it with you or just, but because then you can basically say, hey, change that. No, that overlay there, get it, you know, whatever, pop-up headlines wrong. It'll make it a lot quicker and easier for you if you've got someone doing that. That's brilliant because then that covers both of your questions.

Speaker C: That's the do it yourself and I'm It's funny because I didn't even think of Gem because, because it's a static medium that she's using at the moment. So I just didn't think of it, but yeah, that's a bit silly of me, isn't it?

Speaker A: Well, not really because Canva's just become like a beast that does everything. Canva's like, it started as pretty much that, it was like templates for social media posts or your, your Facebook banner, you know, and then the next thing it's It's got so much going on in there now. They're like, it's a pretty amazing program. And I think it's also, so did you say it's a virtual assistant?

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. She's, she's, yeah, in the UK. So she's amazing at Canva.

Speaker A: Okay. That's brilliant because then it's also, she's familiar with the platform. She's got the account already. It's also for you time well invested in her, even if she's learning it a little bit slow initially with the video part. Do you know what I mean? It's like, it's worth it and she's gonna keep using the Canva platform anyway. Sometimes I don't like it where I'm paying team and they're learning something and then we find a different program like shit, we just paid them for, you know, 2 weeks to learn how to use something that's now obsolete. So it sounds like Canva's perfect because you'll keep using her anyway.

Speaker C: That's right. I've used her for since I did the original Clever Bunch. So that was, I don't know, 2 or 3 years ago.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Beautiful.

Speaker C: She's been great.

Speaker A: And in the UK.

Speaker C: Yeah, she's in the UK. Yeah. Somebody, somebody in my network put me onto her and it's crazy. I pay like $300 a month and she just churns out all of my branding, all my branded stuff. It's, she's just amazing.

Speaker A: So good. Well, there you go. I think putting the question to her. Yeah. Otherwise, like, you can, well, we can come back to it if you need someone else for Done For You. I think the, if for some reason, I don't know why there'd be any issues if she's using Canva already, it's worth her learning it anyway if she doesn't, if she hasn't done videos in there before. But otherwise, we can always ask in our community on the member side and other members will have, someone will have someone and, you know, with, or you can always find people on Upwork, which is a job posting website. But I think you've already got the, I think just go with your current VA.

Speaker C: That's like, yeah, it's just whether she's got the time or not. I know she's pretty smashed. Like when people have asked for her number, she can't take on anymore. So, uh, yeah, so I'll run that past her and if not, then I'll, I'll just hire someone else because it'll pay for itself. I've got so many couples wanting to come to therapy and I just can't keep up with the demand.. And so to have a course that will help them with communication, conflict, and connection, like straight away for less than the price of one session, it would just be gold to have just, you know, pop up when they're trying to book. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Or sorry, you can join our waitlist. And in the meantime, here's this, here's this.

Speaker C: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker A: Yeah. Grab it. Um, do that. And yeah, any issues, of course, just bring it back to us. On next week's advisory board, you know, if you, if she can't do it for some reason, maybe ease her into it. Hey, you know, if you, it's not like she has to edit 300 videos within a week. There's also, you might be able to with online courses depending on how you release it, as long as you're ahead of the first sale.

Speaker C: Oh yeah, of course.

Speaker A: As long as you're ahead of the first customer, you might say, I want to build a 12-week course. You've only gotta have week 1 done and then you've got another week to get week 2 done. If even if the, you know, customers are coming through, it's all, it's all good.

Speaker C: That makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Also, while I've got you, Christo, you put me onto, you sent an email to somebody about the book that I've written. Oh yes. Yeah. I've not heard from him and I've tried to follow him up. Have you got someone else?

Speaker B: Huh.

Speaker A: Hmm. Yeah, we've got other, um, Sue, who's a— oh, actually, see, I wonder if— no, yes, Sue would be good. Um, she was a Clever Bunch and Genius Bunch member. She runs the, you know, we do the monthly kind of masterminds, um, where it's just members meeting with members each month. She facilitates those. I don't know if you've attended any of those.

Speaker C: I used Sue to do the ebook back way back when, but yeah, it didn't, didn't come out across the platforms as I wanted it to.

Speaker B: So not great.

Speaker C: No, not the, not the, not the consistency that I wanted. I want it to look good across every ebook platform rather than it.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: I'll follow up, Tom. I'll follow up, Tom.

Speaker C: Thanks, Christo.

Speaker A: Appreciate it. Did you? Yeah, you replied, didn't you?

Speaker C: I did straight away pretty much. And then I followed him up. It must have been at the end of last week and said, hey, just following up. And yeah, just nothing, crickets. So he might be away or something. I don't know, but there wasn't any out of inbox message or anything.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Might've landed in his junk mail. I don't know. You never know what happens to these things.

Speaker A: He only emailed me like maybe a week ago or so. Um, maybe it was a week or two, like just only recently because he sends royalties for the books that he's published for us. And it's like, hey, here's your royalty report and transfer it now. So he's, he's alive.

Speaker C: Good. I'm glad he's alive. That's optimal.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, he was a week or so ago, so we'll, I'll, I'll email him right straight after again. We'll give him a little nudge and see how we go.

Speaker C: Thanks very much, Chris.

Speaker A: Oh, no worries. Cool. There's also Sandy, but Sandy is a, was a clever bunch. But did you ever meet Sandy?

Speaker C: I don't think so.

Speaker A: But I don't know if she, she more assists and coaches you through your book. And I think it's mostly the writing and getting it to self-published. I don't know about the whole part when you get to the online.

Speaker C: The thing's written, like, that's, it's just been stranded. It's, it's fully written. It's ready to go. It's just stranded because I can't get, I tried Draft2Digital and then same thing. It went out to Booktopia and these other sites and I just left it there without doing any marketing while I tested it. And when I tested it across different platforms, it had like it had taken titles and put half on one page and half on another. Just wasn't the standard that I was after. So yeah, that's— I need someone who can figure that stuff out because it's not my wheelhouse and it's a waste of my time to do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, Tom, Tom's been good. We just basically gave him like the Word docs and he's like formatted and done everything, you know, turned it into, you know, so the ebooks and everything. So I'll try him again. Hopefully, fingers crossed, we'll try that one again.

Speaker C: Thanks, Christo.

Speaker A: No worries. Cool. Well, yeah, and let us know with the video if there's any, you know, follow-up questions or even if you get an edit drafted and you want us to have a look at it.

Speaker C: Oh, that'll be great. Yeah, I'll be, I'll be slamming through a stack of stuff because I want to get the backend stuff all ready before I come to you with the marketing stuff. So that I'm ready to roll it out.

Speaker A: Cool. Yeah, maybe get like a first one and then, because then once you got the one, you can sort of follow the formula for all of the rest. Awesome. Cool. No worries. Nice work. And then we will jump to Fran. You have, let me just check your question. It's a little bit smaller, isn't it?

Speaker E: I'm gonna pull that. Talking to him, Krista.

Speaker A: Let me just find a bigger version there. So it sounds like you've got an exciting opportunity here. So we have about 90 people coming to our free webinar today. Attached is the current flyer for the free session, right? For this session. Yep. How do I go about making an offer regarding an upcoming workshop? Can I use the same flyer or do I make some changes to it? So I just want to clarify first. So this is a free webinar. You've used this flyer and then you want people who attend the webinar today, tonight to then book in for a paid workshop. What's that? Sorry.

Speaker E: If they wish.

Speaker A: Yeah. If they wish. No, no, you just want them all to book in regardless they wish or not. So what's, just tell us how long is the workshop and how much is it?

Speaker E: The workshop, we've got a couple of options. One of them would be a 3-hour workshop. The other option is a 12-hour workshop. Uh, the 3-hour workshop at the moment, it's sitting around $85. $85. Yep. Yep. And the, the 12-hour workshop from memory, I think was sitting around the $400 and something.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker E: $400-ish.

Speaker A: Um, and, and are they, so are they individual workshops or is this like a group session where there's a date booked?

Speaker E: Yes. So, so that'll be, yeah, people coming in individually to a workshop.

Speaker A: All different people can.

Speaker E: That's correct.

Speaker A: That's correct.

Speaker E: You have dates set? Uh, not, not yet.

Speaker A: Not yet.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker E: No, to do this afternoon, right?

Speaker A: Yes, exactly.

Speaker E: But that'll be, we are aiming for last week of September. So maybe in a couple of weeks' time.

Speaker A: Yep. Right. Last week of September is good. I wouldn't go if it's too, too soon, you might miss them. And if it's like way off into the future, might be too confusing as well. They don't want to think about life that far ahead yet. So, so if 2 weeks is all right, 3, 2 to 3 weeks, probably a sweet spot to get them straight in. But a month would be ideal for like planning for people and things. But if you've got, if you know, I'd like, you need to have a date first. So this is first thing to do this afternoon. The, this, what the flyer needs to be adjusted if you want to use it, just firstly, it even says webinar.

Speaker C: Yep. Yep.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: So yeah, obviously need to change that now. Live on the session today, 7:15 to 8 PM. You want to, this is going to eat into your content a little bit. But I would typically aim to start talking about the workshop as a bit of a promotion for the workshop with about 10 minutes remaining on your allotted time. If you get to 8 PM and then start to talk about the workshop, people have in their mind that they get off at 8 and they're going to be turning around going, oh, it's, I've got to cook dinner. You know, the wife's there or husband's there or whatever. So you need do it within the allotted time, you need to talk about it. And ideally you talk about it and then there's still a minute or two for them to not have to rush off. Just so then if there's any questions or anything, and then on the session, I'd explain more details about what will be covered in the upcoming workshops. So like you need a, like basically maybe it's similar to, Like this, like, you know, just basically you could almost use what you've got here. You can set the screen, right? So you could almost, you know, so what we'll be doing is we have a process where we'll go through the, you know, the understanding foundational and safety connection. We have exercise, you have a framework, you have blah, blah, blah, things you can go away. So you need to kind of like sell it a little bit. Explain it. What you're trying to do on a pitch like this is It's like if you said to me, just join a workshop, you have to imagine I'm like stepping off a cliff if I say I'm gonna do it. I don't know what's there. I don't know what's coming. I'm like going into a dark room. You've gotta shine, you gotta shine the pathway ahead of me. So I, if I go, oh right, yeah, I, I see what I'm, if I take a couple of steps towards that workshop, I see where it is and what's going. So you basically have to like explain, here's how it'll all work. So the workshop we're gonna be running at XYZ location, it's on this date, like shining the light on every detail. We're gonna cover this, this, this where you get to work through that. It's like us, the Clever Bunch explanation at the end of the, if you know, I think you did, you joined through one of the ecosystem workshops, I think. Yeah. And then at the end, the same thing, about 10 minutes to go, we start explaining it. So we're basically shining a light on the pathway ahead. Yep. Because if it's, if we leave it all in the dark, You don't know, you wouldn't trust us to take the next step. You don't know, you don't know what it is. You don't wanna like, it's like a little example, like, you know, when you're online shopping and it says, you know, here are the 5, 4 steps to purchase and like the next 3 are grayed out. You're on the dark black bold one that says enter your details. The next one says enter your payment information. Then the next one will say, you know, there's an arrow, here's the steps and then there's payment, you know, shipping product shipped or whatever, you know, It's like they show us that. So on the first one, when we're putting our name and email and phone number in, it doesn't just feel like we're just submitting into the void, like our details into this mystery form. Oh, I can see then I'm gonna get the payment details, then I'm gonna get payment confirmation, and then they're gonna like do it, do a high five in the factory and ship my product, you know, whatever it is.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: You know what I mean? So it's like, oh cool, there's the pathway ahead. We're shining a lighter. So your job is to do it verbally. Some slides even. And like you would see us when we pitch the Clever Bunch at the end of a workshop, we'll show some slides which show people working together. There's some slides, you know, like different slides of the online community. It's sort of like try and shine the light on it a little bit. And then you need a very clear call to action. So you gotta tell them, exactly what to do next to join. So to book in for it, um, it can be as simple as just put your, your email and phone number in the chat. Yeah. And then I'll be in touch. I'll reserve, I'll hold your spot for you. Um, very simple like that. Or if you had a booking link ready to go, you know, here's the, here's the registration link.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Um, if you can have some sort of incentive, like, as cheesy as it sounds, we all need a little bit of a kick up the butt to take action on something. Like, if you say we got this workshop coming up now, like, here's just a bad example. If you said we got this workshop coming up, you know, and then we're gonna have another one. If you miss this one, we'll have another one 3 months later. We'll have another one after that and we're gonna keep running them. You know, the cost is $399 every people are like, okay, no urgency. I don't need to make a decision right now. Thank goodness you let me off the hook. Whereas if you say we've got a workshop planned, we're only taking a limited number of people in this workshop. You can feel I'm already building a little tension on this deadline. So once obviously the day comes or the workshop is fully booked, we do have 90 registrations for today's event and we're only taking like 10 on that workshop. You'd see I'm just like build a little tension and as an extra incentive for you today for, for being here, if you do jump on with us rather than the usual 85 is so bloody cheap, Fran, the first, that's a bit of feedback to you on the price. That's ridiculous. So instead of it being the usual 297 for the 300, 3-hour session, 3-hour workshop, we're gonna do it for $147 today. Like, but you'd need to let me know on today's session. Obviously, we wanna help a lot of people and this is the way I'm, I'm gonna, you know, choosing to do it. Um, or there's the 12-hour, 12 hours, did you say?

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: That's a good, is that in one go?

Speaker E: No, no, no. That'll kill me. But, but people kill me, Christophe. That'll be like a 3, 3 hours, 4 sessions, 4 sessions over 3 hours each. Right.

Speaker A: You might need to say something like that.

Speaker E: Yeah. So perhaps I think I might just get focused on the, on the 3-hour workshop for today. Yeah. And then I think towards the end of the session of the 3 hours, then I start promoting the 12-hour workshop. Yeah. Okay. I'll do 2 sessions.

Speaker A: That's an extra incentive if you could you know, as a gift for you attending today. And obviously you're keen if you're here and you're interested in it, then I can, you know, you know, here's the link where I've got it published at the moment for $147 or whatever, you know, like a little bit of a special rate. And that's, and that's like clear to just do it right now. And ideally, if you could, even while they're on that session, if it's a link for them to book, open the link live, like go to the website yourself and say, so here's the registration page. I'll pop the link in. Everyone on the meeting, make sure you click that link now. So you got to open in your browser. Everybody, if you just go ahead and click it, so at least it's open in your browser because once we close this workshop, you won't be able to find this link. Like the link will disappear. Or do you have a link? I'm sort of assuming that maybe you don't.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll be having a link.

Speaker A: Yep. Otherwise, otherwise just do it simply that you, they enter their, if it's, if you don't have like the tech to share a link, then just say enter your name and phone number and then I'll reserve a spot for you and then we'll be in touch to sort out the payment later, you know, you kind of get a little confirmation from them. But ideally you're getting a confirmation there and then.

Speaker E: Yeah. So the price has been a bit of Yeah, ishwash. Um, only because, uh, a lot of the people coming through the training are sole traders, people. So it's not like the— from the big organizations. It feels a little bit like the big organizations already linked up with other, you know, business. They're coming in and do the whole bulk training. And so that's where then perhaps the price has been at that, um, level. And then I think there's always the catch-22, man. For $85, it's worth it. There is, I think, that kind of, um, um, yeah. But has been a couple of people said no, it's relatively very, very, very cheap.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Cisco, can I say something to that? Yes. To me, that would impact your credibility if it's that cheap. Like I would, I would be wondering why it's so cheap. I would rather pay a bit more for 3 hours because I would wonder why you would be offering 3 hours of your time for $85.

Speaker A: Yep. Even using words here, the words she used, Fran.

Speaker E: What is that?

Speaker A: Did you hear the words Amy just used? I think she said cheap. 3 times, I think she said it.

Speaker B: Can I just, I've been looking at, um, I had somebody sending me information for a course that initially I went, ooh, that's, that's got my, I'm curious. And then I saw the price and it's really low. And I actually went, what are they giving me for that? Like, I was really suspicious.

Speaker E: So I think, um, I think, I think what happens here, the reality here is KAM approach is, it's, it's not something that it's popular out there. So KAM approach does not have a half a million dollar research behind. I'm not linking to any particular university. So that was something that I've, you know, has developed from ground up. And so right now is getting momentum through being presented in national and international conferences. And so that's now, I think it, it's taken to the next level. Um, but so, so yeah, but because I think it's just, it's a space where if you think about a standard PBS training where people could be paying $300, $400 per person out there, uh, but because it's evidence-based and blah, blah, blah, there's all the research, so people feel okay with it. Where karma, on the other hand, if you wish, is a bit of a competition with the PBS ABA at the moment. And so, and we don't have the same, I guess, voice in the market at this stage. And so that's where we are trying to get some momentum to keep, to keep going, going to that level. At the same time, from a marketing perspective, I also be thinking that perhaps we would have a lot more people looking at that $100. Perhaps people to be looking at the $300 market. And so, and for me at the moment, the more people in, I think, is to try to get the word out there. And so I think that's when I guess I'm trying. But yeah, but I do acknowledge that the price at the moment, it's a bit of a risky.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. I think it, like, it all makes sense because it's new, like, it's getting it out there for you and it'll probably, there's a bit of, it sounds like there's a bit of confidence with your own pricing, like putting, understanding, like I assume that like even within yourself, the value, like all you have to know is the value that you give is much greater than the price you charge. So it's like if I said to you, hey, come and join the Clever Bunch, it's $38 and it's 3 hours every month, we're gonna be on every week. You'd think this guy is, is gonna be a waste of my time. My time is too precious to spend with someone that's charging me very little. The feedback just then from the, the other ladies on here was basically that they don't wanna waste their time. So you gotta kind of find like within the market, there's a balance where they feel like it's justifying the use of their time to actually attend. And in terms of the pricing, it's like you, like I know you, okay, the maybe the reputation's not there and I totally get it. The reputation's not there. You want to build it. You want to get as many people as possible to get the word out so that it can gain momentum. And increase the price. At this moment, I'd still say to you, like, to put it bluntly, it's too low. You're like it for $85 for a 3-hour workshop. It's very, very low. That for me would be a promotional workshop where you're trying to then sell people to a $5,000 course or something. If you're charging $85, do you know what I mean? It's like our masterclasses, a lot of those we charged $97. There were once some, we've had masterclasses where we charge $197. It's an online workshop. Do you know what I mean? It's not like they're not the main sort of thing, whereas this is kind of like actual skills course for you. So I'd definitely be putting the rate up a little bit. It, it doesn't have to be through the roof, but it like, it might be that it's, you position it as, hey, it's maybe for you, like maybe do a little stomach test. So the stomach test is $85. Here we go. Let's do it live and see if this works. So when I say to you, so you've got to think about the price you're charging, just thinking what you're charging and think about the people and the value they get. So think about if someone gets the skills from you, they're gonna go walk away and they're gonna be able to applied in their work the day after, you know, in their life, basically in their role. So they got the value from your workshop potentially for life. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. So would charging them $85 be okay or would charging them $125 be okay? And just think about the price. Yep. Maybe $160.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Would it be okay? Would charging them, and now what you're gauging now is in your top of your belly, at some point there'll be a little tingle. So would charging $190 be okay?

Speaker B: $220?

Speaker E: I think, yeah, yeah. I, I think, um, I, I think for what the course has to offer, I think, yeah, I think people be, yeah, they could be paying quite a bit of money for it. But at the moment, but at the moment, I think what's happening at the moment, it's because my website is not ready. And so I can't really do pushing that marketing, but the website should be ready for the next, in 2 weeks' time. And so I think once that website is ready. So I think then the, the, the, the change will be slightly different. But at this stage, and so at stage, I think for myself, uh, I think if I was to be sitting around that $100—

Speaker A: what's the figure?

Speaker E: Oh, I think for the 3-hour workshop as it is, I think I'll be quite happy to be sitting around that $125, $130 for the 3 hours.

Speaker A: You sort of cut me off at like $100 Not like I was about, you know, 190. I was about to jump, try and get you to like 700, 800, but the arm— but we got, we got a bit up. So that's good, right? I think, um, hey friend, the website doesn't mean shit in terms of what you deliver. No one gives a fuck if you got a website or not. Like, I don't care if I have a great provider of something. I don't care if they have a website. If I get the best course in the world and I've got something I can use forever, I don't give a stuff if your website's complete or not. Or you got, you know, sometimes as you find the gold, you know, it's like someone's great at something and their message looks terrible, but there's some rawness, realness about it. You know, like it's okay. You don't have to have that, like to charge something. Maybe you're comparing to someone else you've seen or something, but it does, you don't have to have that. So like, I think it's all right for now, but your pricing needs to be reviewed at some point. Sorry to swear and stuff, but it's too low.

Speaker C: I just think it's fucking terrible, Christo, that you swear like that.

Speaker A: Oh, thank you, Amy.

Speaker E: So there we go. One thing about the calm approach is to help people just feel safe and connected. And right now, and right now the price is causing the opposite effect.

Speaker A: Helen, Michelle, Brendan, Jack, can we all get a little like, if you're not very happy with the price, just to come off mute and give us a little fuck.

Speaker B: Far out. No way. We gotta charge more. Gotta go up.

Speaker D: I think actually Michelle made a really good point. I think it's It's not even about what you'd be happy with. It's if you look bad, then I won't buy it. There's got to be some sweet spot that gets everybody. And I would have said at least a 1 in front of the number.

Speaker C: It's got to be over 100.

Speaker B: Yeah, 100. Yeah.

Speaker C: And put a 9 or a 7 in it. People love that.

Speaker D: 147. Brendan had a good idea. If you look at the chat, I thought that was a good idea as well.

Speaker B: You, you can, you can also say this is the, like the beginning price, like, you know, it might be lower than what you might ultimately go to, but it, yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. It's, it is, it's a, it's a good point. Put the price up and then you can market it as a discount.

Speaker D: You can market it as it's cheaper. And then that way, maybe then you'll understand what a consumer will pay for your product. Really, if you start low, you're always gonna be low.

Speaker A: I reckon.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Because it does create the perception of quality still. If you say the price, you can, and maybe just make it, you don't wanna make it unrealistic, but say it's like it, if you're comfortable, it might be you're doing it for, it's $195 and you're doing it or $197 and you're doing it for $147 as an offer. Yeah. And then it's, it's nice, you know, that it's not too discounted where it seems ridiculous, No, it also will appear to still like, okay, $197 course, it's, it should be decent. I think also just keep in mind, you're not always your market yourself, Fran, like these, the ladies here might, you know, that here might buy, but they don't see it how you see it, if it makes sense. It's like, we're not always our exactly our own market. So you kind of got to position it for them, not necessarily yourself, if that makes sense.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think for myself here, I think it was around May or so where I put the price up. Yeah. And then I think around, I think it was June where I put the price up for closer to $250 or so out from the $200 and something to about the $247, whatever the price was., and then I think I sold about 5 tickets. And, and then I think, uh, where the month before where I was around the $90 or so, $95, was getting about, uh, 20 people. And so, and so because I, I guess as I'm saying, the, the industry schools and the service provider Uh, they need karma, but they are stuck with that ABA/PBS kind of a thing. And then karma here, in a sense, we don't have the same, uh, evidence base, the research behind us to, to make the noise. And so that's where then— and even for the business, if they say, yeah, I've done an ABA, I've done a PBS, yeah, satisfied with the NDS credentials, blah blah blah. Where I did a karma approach training. What's karma? Where's that coming from? Who made it? You know, and then they come to my website. It's a bit of a mess, a bit of a jungle. Like, I don't even want to know about it. And so, and so, yeah, so I think that's where the— my, my gauge is at the moment. However, because of offering this 45-minute free webinar now, there is some bigger player, as in bigger business, coming in to learn more about, because I think there has been a consistent theme on the people's registration. I want to learn more about Kama. I have been seeing for in the market for quite a while, but I want to learn more. I want to understand more to see that in the future for my team. And so I think that has been the clear message out of those 90 registrations coming through. And so therefore then I think I'm targeting the the training, the session tonight specifically to be explaining karma so they walk away with a clear understanding of karma and then follow up by offering a workshop. But so which I think for myself, I also get it. I think, yeah, we need to have a one before those numbers. They're quite, yeah, quite comfortably.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Nice.

Speaker E: Cool.

Speaker A: Oh, we got a little bit up there. And do the contrast, like the So do say that, you know, usually, or like it would be $197, however, $147 tonight or $127, whatever you're comfortable with.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: This is good. It's good to, we've planted the seed on the pricing and you got a little shift there as well. Absolutely. That's awesome. Good, good. Well, you got a bit to, a little bit to, to get done by tonight. You got time to a few tweaks there. And just maybe, as I said, like, map out what you're gonna, how you're gonna explain it on the session.

Speaker E: Yeah, no, I do appreciate because if you may have not said the, to put in within the timeframe, I would may have left it to the very end and that could, where now perhaps I could leave something else at the very end I don't cover altogether, but that bit I'll be saying around that kind of a 10 to 8, I need to start to bring it in.

Speaker A: Awesome. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: And if you're fully squeezed, if you find yourself behind on time, as long as there's at least like 5 minutes at the end there to explain it and get, just don't want to be, you don't want to be halfway through explaining it and it gets past 8 o'clock and you'll have people dropping off.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cool. Awesome work. And I'm excited to see, excited to hear how it goes. So keep us updated.

Speaker E: I'll keep you posted for sure.

Speaker A: Okay. Well done, Fran. Sorry we grilled you a bit, but I think it will get you there slowly. We're going to keep pushing that.

Speaker E: We'll get there. To be honest, Christo, I've got some fat on myself, so you can grill me a little bit. But I guess, I guess the reality is, Christo, I think it's— that's the kind of, uh, I think as you said, I still remember earlier in the year where one of the flyers, you know, you were very gentle, very kind, but then I think you said something along the line, if I take this thing away, he— I don't have anything here as a brand. And then I think that was one of the turning points. And then I think since that thing has made— now everything starts to really flow, you know. And so right now, again, as I was saying, I think the You know, and yeah, and so I think I feel very comfortable, very confident in, you know, in coming up with these flyers now and being very clear about it. So, so yeah, so, but I think it is just as important for myself also to be aware of the expectation of the market. Yes, exactly. Because, because the other thing as well that we also be looking to do is perhaps maybe 4 types of workshop where one is going to be at the leadership level. Yeah, and so they have a lot of money, and so like Crystal, so, so we can charge you guys more. Yeah, and then, yeah, and then they'll be for the practitioners, it'll be a different level, and such as for the support workers, and perhaps for families, it's a different matter altogether, uh, just to, to have— because I think with the karma, what you've been learning is that, uh, this is a— if we should say ecosystem— that needs everyone needs to be on the same page. Because if the, if the practitioner comes in, does the training, go back to work, I don't know, these are policies, how you do it, then, then it's a bit stuck. So if the management is not taking the buy-in into it, then it's not going to go anywhere.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a bit of a made plan in my mind here, you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, cool. Well, nice work. And, uh, yeah, keep us updated. Well done everyone being here today. I think that was our final question for today. So that is a wrap on today's session. Thank you for all of the input from everyone on here and of course the questions that were sent through and we'll see you on next week's advisory board or online in between. And as usual, feel free to send anything through, big, small, or vague or very clear, whatever for future sessions. That's why we're here. Awesome. Well, enjoy the rest of your afternoon.

Speaker E: Thank you.

Speaker A: You too. Yeah. Yeah. Bye for now.