Speaker A: How are you all? Are you all good?

Speaker B: Yeah, good.

Speaker A: Did, did you guys manage to get through Module 4? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So we had the, the sales funnels, blogging, and email marketing. Did we have the lead in here? The lead funnel? Oh, I might have to get some water too. Did we, did we look at the— I know we're both sick, aren't we? Uh, the lead— was the lead funnel in here? I'm just looking at the— I can't see the lead funnel. Does anyone remember?

Speaker B: Um, I'm just looking at my notes.

Speaker C: The lead funnel stuff.

Speaker A: Was it the lead funnel?

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, traffic something, traffic light.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And then I thought it was the lead funnel. I just can't see it right now for some reason, but that's a really important one. Any— do you guys have any questions or anything you want to discuss on that?

Speaker B: Is it— are we allowed to do that?

Speaker A: Yes, I actually— I am. I spoke to Till. Great question. I spoke to Till today because— so basically what we want to do, and maybe this is something we have to sort of, you know, get to a conclusion today what it is, you know, some people, they see your stuff, they might see you, or they might see your advertising, or they might see your place, your studio. Your clinic, but they might not be quite yet to buy. And so we want to give them what is called a lead magnet. So we want to give them something that then makes them want to take the next step. And I asked, I had a chat with Till from Fresh today and I said, hey, what about, are you still allowed to do free consults? You know how this whole thing has changed and you are.

Speaker B: Yeah, we can do free consultation.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can still promote that. So that can be a lead magnet still. Has anyone tried that as a lead magnet for people that don't maybe know you yet? They don't know if they can trust you. And then you say, hey, how about you book in for a free consult and then convert from there?

Speaker B: Yeah, that's something we encourage them to do.

Speaker A: Yeah. Is it working?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that, so that would be a lead. That would be a lead funnel. Any, any other lead magnets or funnels that are working?

Speaker B: That's probably the only one that we can do, I think. Well, that's all we can do.

Speaker A: Is that the only thing you can do? I think you could probably also, could you, could you do, hey, I'm gonna drop you off with the nanny if you don't, if you're not gonna be quiet. Yes. I do actually have the nanny here, but I thought she's gonna start screaming. Agreement. What about— are you allowed to do free information?

Speaker B: Well, yes, I— oh, well, thanks to ChatGPT, for me, um, a landing page where it says skin confidence checklist. So for them to leave their email and their details, they download a PDF, uh, and it's called the skin confidence checklist and 7 things to stop doing if you want to age gracefully. Which, which basically doesn't have anything to do with injectables, but it's just got a list, um, of them leaving their name and email, and then you start funneling from there. That's how I interpreted it. But being compliant to consultation and aging gracefully, talking about skincare and so forth.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. I think you, you're allowed to do that. You know, as long as you— then the call to action can't be now come in for injectables, but the call to action could be come in for a consult or check the website for what—

Speaker B: yeah, just, just a checklist of how to look after your skin. That's what I came up with.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I, I quite like what you also said. You said, I think you said things we should stop doing.

Speaker B: Yeah, it said Um, 7 Things to Stop Doing If You Want to Age Gracefully.

Speaker A: I like it because I'm actually already curious. I'm like, what are those 7 things? I want to know.

Speaker B: And it created also like little, um, Canva. Yeah, as well.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Stop skipping SPF even on cloudy days. Stop chasing glow with aggressive exfoliations. Uh, stop relying on filters and makeup to hide skin changes. Stop comparing your skin to others. Stop waiting for the perfect time to start treatment. Stop assuming injectables are your only option. I don't know if I could— I'll put that one. But anyway, stop thinking aging skin is something to fix. Um, there's more. It gave me more. Um, Stop treating your anti-aging routine like a guessing game. Aging well is ongoing and proactive with skin that functions so, so you'll feel confident. Stop using everything you've seen on social media. Buzzwords and trends come and go. For healthy skin, you need skin-loving basics and consistency. Uh, stop confusing skincare splurges for prevention, fancy products, and anyway, there's a whole list.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think the content, I'm not, I'm not too worried about, you know, as long as it's good content and you feel like, hey, this is adding value, that's good. The most important thing about a lead magnet, and you can have more than one lead magnet and they are really important to warm up people, is how we position it. So what's the title? What do we call it? You know, what, how, how, what, and, and again, we, we could usually just ask ChatGPT and say, hey, I need a headline for this. I want to put this on my website, or I want to put this, um, on my business cards, or I want to, you know, have it when I talk to people, random people at a party. I want to say, hey, I got this awesome cheat sheet that you can put on the fridge, and it tells you the 7 things that we all do that we shouldn't do.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And yeah, so we need that. We just need— it's about lead magnets are about how we position it, how we package it more than But I mean, the insight is important, but how we get people to say, yes, I want this thing is how we write about it. The headline usually. But for something like that, I probably, you know, ChatGPT did an okay job, but it's a bit, it's a bit, it's a bit conventional stuff that ChatGPT gave, you know, like don't compare and blah, blah, you know, some of this is a bit meh. I think it would be cool to have a little conversation and chat to be and say, hey, give me some, some unconventional truths.

Speaker B: Unconventional.

Speaker A: That's a good one.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Again, truth about skin. You know, like I've heard someone talk the other day about how actually, and this is very unconventional, that one, one of my members in the Clover Bunch, he's a health practitioner coach and he's, he, he swears by not wearing sunscreen. I mean, I wouldn't publicize that obviously, but He— it's kind of conventional. He said, don't wear sunscreen. Your skin needs to get the intake, blah, blah, blah. So, so that's, you know, that's his thing and he's unconventional. But there might be other things that are not that polarizing because you don't want people to have suddenly skin cancer and stuff like that from, you know, publicizing the wrong thing. But what are some unconventional things about skin that you could— and what are some things that you do? I'm sure you know stuff that you do. Me? I don't know. You, you're, you're in this industry, you probably do things for your skin other than injectables, right? Um, no.

Speaker B: Um, well, I just basically know what my skin needs. So, um, I, I think when you go to the gym, I, I think your skin glows as well. Um, I don't know if that's unconventional.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And I invest in prevention. I don't, I don't let it go. So I'm always doing the right thing with my skin. So as a 55-year-old woman, I'm pretty well, yeah, I'm happy with my skin.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because you obviously do some things right.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, so I think, you know, that could be a lead magnet is something like that. Um, Then the question is, you know, where do you put them? So you put them everywhere, and when you talk to people on your website, you have them. So because it means that if I see you, Joanna, and I come to, you know, walk past your shop, I look up your website, I'm like, oh, I don't know yet, you know, this Joanna girl, she seems cool, but really, I don't know yet. So instead of booking in with you, I might be happy to read something first. To, to read your checklist, for example.

Speaker B: Okay, this is hard.

Speaker A: It's not hard. Why is it hard?

Speaker B: Okay, it's just that we don't have— we're not allowed to do certain things, that's all.

Speaker A: Just— yeah, but you're allowed to do that. You're allowed to— you're allowed to give information and you're allowed to do free consults. You're just not allowed to promote injectables after that. You couldn't say in your brochure or in your downloadable, and you can get ChatGPT to make you a cool graphic with those 7 things. You don't have to write the whole thing.

Speaker B: We have a skin analyzer. I guess that's something we can offer if they're not sure what they want to do or not sure their skin type. Or, you know, skin concerns, they can always come in to have a that it could be something we can put on. Have you noticed they all go— have you noticed how they all go to Mecca and they, they get information from someone who hasn't even studied skin and they just— yes, they do anything off the shelf.

Speaker A: Can you—

Speaker B: yeah, and their products are quite expensive too and not cheap. Yeah, and they use the wrong product for the skin too, and then their barrier as well. I guess we can say that in that lead. No, always, because I remember 30 years ago, um, when I studied with Alabashe, um, they made us go to Maya, and, um, they'll only sell us what they had on promotion, and it was always Clinique. And that was— and they wouldn't look at your skin, and they say, oh, this would be perfect for your skin. It would go back and tell our teacher what they did. Therapists that were just sales girls, and that's what Mecca's doing now.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, but that's what makes you different, you know, you're much more individualized.

Speaker B: I guess you can put that as a point of difference, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah. Does anyone else have a lead magnet that they have used that, that works for them or that they can use moving forward?

Speaker E: So what was the question?

Speaker A: Has a lead magnet, you know what a lead magnet is? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Have you got a magnet at the moment or, or one that you're going to use?

Speaker E: I'm working on it. Um, I'm working on it actually, working on it.

Speaker A: What is it? What have you got?

Speaker E: Hang on, I have too many windows open. It's been a shit day.

Speaker A: I think some of us had a shit day too.

Speaker E: Let's make it, let's make it, make it good.

Speaker A: Let's finish strong.

Speaker D: Yeah, no, no, it's good.

Speaker A: I don't have many shit days. Today was definitely a shit day.

Speaker E: Shit days turn into good days. Yeah, finish strong. Yeah, I just had that little thought. It's not so much lead magnet, but I do an offer like, um, rewards club, right? Where is it? Rewards club loyalty referral program where— have I mentioned it before? If a new client— if an existing client refers a new client, and when they spend like $250, um, they will get $100 off. Like, so the new client gets $100 off, and once they spend that, the person that refers gets $100 as well. Yeah, um, I had 50 in the beginning, but I thought, oh, I'll put it up to 100. I think they will work a bit harder for me. And rather than spending the money on marketing, I put it— you know, I think I mentioned it before, but anyway, I don't know if we can do that anymore under the new— but as long as on skin, right?

Speaker A: Good question. The referral system, I think there's a way to do it But it can't be on injectables.

Speaker E: No, no. And that's not my main area anyway. I do a lot of skin, but yeah, it's the last seminar we did. It was so much talk about us as registered nurses, not so much the business. So, um, but anyway, that was, has nothing to do with the lead, lead magnet, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah. What's the lead magnet that you have? You got one that you're working on?

Speaker E: Uh, yeah, I have nothing, nothing. No.

Speaker A: Have you tried— so when people come to your website or they inquire, is there something that if they're not quite ready, what's the— the question is really that if somebody calls or comes to your website and they're not quite ready because they're just not sure just yet, what's the small tiny thing they can do or receive?

Speaker E: Nothing.

Speaker A: Nothing.

Speaker E: Sorry, just be—

Speaker A: yeah, not— have you not got a free consult? For example, if I call and I'm like, I don't know, I mean, I have the free consultation.

Speaker E: To be honest with you, I just feel everyone has the free consult, and when, you know, in the end of the day, nobody will— oh gosh, you know, jump on it. I want to create something that's a bit more irresistible because everyone has a free consult. Everyone knows she wants to get me in for a free consult so she can sell something to me later. So it doesn't feel like it's of value anymore.

Speaker A: I agree. What would be, what's your thing? Do you remember we talked about the purpose statement? Some of you came up with the differentiation. Have you found, and you know, somebody said, um, Joanna aging gracefully. We had different, different niches. What was it? Did you find yours?

Speaker E: Yeah, we did.

Speaker A: What, what is yours? Well, we had the Scandi look, you know, the more modern sort of—

Speaker E: Yeah, and ChatGPT and I have been working on that, and he's quite good. Apart from today, we not friends because he doesn't remember what he's done. Um, I was thinking, it has nothing to do with the Scandi, but maybe during the— I don't know, rather do with the free consultation. Could you do like a free little mini facial and give them a Yeah, you know, free peel, and, and, um, you know, you do the skin consult at the same time, little mini massage. I don't know, what, what would you like, Francesca? You're not in the business, so for you to— I don't know what you're into.

Speaker A: I think I would be, um, quite interested if, if, if you said that, hey, um, we specialize in, in helping you understand your skin type so you don't use the wrong shit on your skin. Like pretty much what Joanna said before, but not using that language. So, so we're helping you, we help you understand your skin type so that you can then, you know, get the right lotions and stuff. So what we can offer you is a free mini facials and a consult where we, where we look at your skin and we give you a little facial and we can tell you at the end, hey, you're a bit dry, your skin's a bit dry, or your skin is a bit oily, or your skin is a bit this and that. Here's what we recommend.

Speaker E: Maybe give them a little, I don't know, test kit of, I don't know, free product or whatever.

Speaker A: I think that's already like really valuable. If, if I get a free mini facial, I'm very likely to then want to spend money with you.

Speaker E: Yeah, but I meant, or not give it away, maybe have, um, free— not free, free is giving away, um, intro pack that they could buy.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. After the facial, or you mean just as a, as an entry level?

Speaker E: After, you know, you got them, you do talk about the different skin types, or you know, what, what's in it, what's good for them. Yeah, they are still sort of, you know, you have the half an hour to an hour with them, and next thing would obviously book them in for the next consult, but for the next treatment. Which they may book in a few weeks. And in that time, I want you to use X, Y, and Z. And maybe you have 4 little small products for them to use so you can see the difference in the skin from today to 4 weeks when they book in. You know, still for— obviously they've got to pay for the product, but sort of at a— just make them little mini samples. I don't know, I'm just making shit up as I go, to be honest with you.

Speaker A: Thanks, has anyone else tried that approach? Can anyone speak from experience? Maybe Ashley or Joanna?

Speaker C: No, so I'm still starting, looking at starting up my clinic, so I was going to lean more into the free skin analysis. But I also found this week's one quite difficult with, I guess, all the regulations and new advertising stuff as to how like not trying to sound too, I guess, marketing and pushy and, um, staying within the guidelines of what they've set out.

Speaker B: What I did— sorry to interrupt— um, I uploaded the APRA guidelines, the new one, on ChatGPT, and I asked to audit my website and my Instagram and my everything to let me know if I'm compliant, and to give me suggestions. And it, it was good. So do that if you guys want to do that.

Speaker A: What did it tell you?

Speaker B: Oh, I have to—

Speaker A: remember like one thing?

Speaker D: Huge.

Speaker E: I—

Speaker B: sorry, do you remember one thing?

Speaker A: Do you remember like—

Speaker B: okay, avoid using testimonials. We know that. Um, do not offer incentives without clear terms and conditions. So for example, receive a complimentary skincare consultation 'First appointment offer valid for new clients only.' This ensures transparency and complies with the AHPRA guidelines and advertising. And then it says here, 'Present balanced information without creating unreasonable expectations. Our treatments aim to improve skin appearance. However, individual results may vary based on various factors.' Yes. So if you, if you upload the, um, the APRA compliant thing, it reads it for you and it gives you sort of like little, you know, little— it helps you along the way. And it's sort of like what it audits your web, web page as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's really cool.

Speaker B: I want to do that. And then by telling ChatGPT how you're supposed to be compliant, it kind of helps you after that because it gets to know you.

Speaker A: Yeah, so I think what would be a cool thing to do is, so definitely, you know, do that. And then I think what would be cool for today, what I'd like everyone to walk away with is, is a funnel, you know, an idea of what would the funnel look like. So we need to look at marketing at the top. We have people coming in. Some people will be ready to buy from you. Some people will not be ready to buy from you yet. The ones that are not ready yet, We need to be in touch with them. We need to give them a little something. We need to get them— ideally, we get— are you guys all using a database system? Like a database management system? Or who is using something? Like, you know, like there's a Mailchimp, there's some clinic-specific ones, there's the Mindbody that is used for like studios, yoga, and stuff like that. Are you— is anyone using? Anything, feel free to pop it in, in the chat, or, or let me know. Or is nobody using anything? Well, how do you manage your clients?

Speaker B: What was the question? Because I was looking at something else. Sorry about that. What did you ask?

Speaker A: How do you currently manage your clients? So let's say you have, you know, over the years, let's say you've been open for like 4 years and you've had 700 people come through the door, where, where are those names sitting?

Speaker E: Oh, POS, point of sale system. I have got Timely.

Speaker B: Yeah, I've got Timely too.

Speaker A: Yeah, Timely. Yeah, and they're all sitting in there. And can you see in the notes what they've done in the past and all that?

Speaker E: Yes, you can see everything there, you know, payment and yeah, everything, products.

Speaker A: Yeah, awesome. And can you email them through there?

Speaker E: Yeah, maybe you need a Pepsi. Yeah, you can, you can email, you can SMS marketing, you can, uh, all they do their consults through there, um, fill out forms.

Speaker B: It also tells you who hasn't visited for the past 18 months.

Speaker A: And what about— sorry, I just lost you. Uh, it's part of part of today's, uh, energy, I think, is my soup of that. Um, what about, what about prospects? Let's say, let's say I've come to your website, I've downloaded your skin check. Where do I go? Where does my detail go? Where is my email address? It goes into Timely also. Yeah. Okay, cool.

Speaker E: It sort of creates a client, um, whatever. Yeah. So your address, your age, you know, where you found us, everything can be put on in there, whether you consent to do, you know, to marketing and what those newsletters and yeah, everything.

Speaker A: And can you have on your website something that they can download? So let's say you— I can download the aging gracefully, not don't do these things. Can that connect to, to that system or not?

Speaker E: No, but I wonder, it's probably job for Hamad or whatever his name was to— yeah, I want to have those done. How do you add that to your website, things they can download for free or put on Insta or Yeah, does that connect to the system or not? I don't think so.

Speaker A: You don't think so?

Speaker B: The Book Now connects to—

Speaker E: Book Now does, but we can't download anything from there.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Um, what about the consult in Timely? Can you create something in consult and then SMS that to them? You know, the consult?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, you can send them the consult if you want.

Speaker B: Yeah, but you don't have to call it a consult.

Speaker E: No, but what I think— I think we're talking about two different things.

Speaker B: Oh, on Twitter, I just—

Speaker E: so you meant, you know, if you can download some information such as Asian Grace Philly, or, you know, is, is that what you ask?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So ideally, what, what I'm trying to figure out, if, if you can do it with that system, let's say On your website, it says, get your 7 things that you don't need, that you must not do for your skin. And then I put in my email address and then your system automatically sends me, or it can even be a phone number and your system automatically sends me that, that, that checklist.

Speaker E: No, so POS, it's like, um, it's something different. It's for booking system with, you know, all your notes and stuff like that. Yeah, I don't think it sends out. That's probably a website thing, isn't it?

Speaker A: Yeah, they might even, you know, that you probably normally use a CRM, which is a customer relationship management system like a Mailchimp, but there's probably apps that you can use then, and then the contacts will just be sitting in the backend of the website.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think Wix has got something like that from memory. If they click on something, it'll automatically send it.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: I've seen it on Wix, some with Wix.

Speaker A: Yeah. WordPress would have it too. Shopify definitely has it because we do it, we do it with Shopify too, where we just, we actually just use the Shopify platform for that. Yeah. So what would be cool for, for today, for tonight, for if everyone can have a basic sort of what we call the lead funnel mapped out. So what's the entry level thing? If they don't book and pay money straight away, what's something we can give them? You know, whether it's a mini facial, you know, could just be for Anja, it could be the mini facial and skin analysis. And I guess that can be a book button, but that's solved the problem already. So I'd like you all to, you know, to think about that. Just maybe just have a quick think for 2 minutes. I'm going to quickly put this one to bed because she's snoring. I'm just gonna throw her in her bed. So I'm a bit more comfortable. And then I'd like every single person to have a very basic, very basic lead funnel. What happens to the leads that are not super, super crazy hot, but they're warm enough to want something? Because if we can, if we, right at the moment, if we don't have a lead funnel, we just go for the hot ones only, the low-hanging fruit, but all the ones that are kind of warm, but they're still a bit scared and like, oh, I don't know if I should do injectables or if it's my thing or if I should do a skin treatment. We want to also capture them so that we can then nurture them and they can come in and book the bigger treatment as soon as they trust us. So have a quick think about what that could look like, your first sort of contact, and then what did they get?

Speaker E: Okay, cool.

Speaker A: I'm going to— I will only be 2 minutes because I'm just going to do that.

Speaker E: I'm going to make it up and run.

Speaker D: That's a good—

Speaker E: yeah, she's a bit thick.

Speaker A: All right, who has one? Who wants to share one? Or we can brainstorm one too. Sorry, I got snot all over me. Let's go, Ashley. Let's go with your one first. We'll, we'll, we'll have a look at everyone's. Have you, have you thought of something or have you asked your best buddy ChatGPT what it could be?

Speaker C: So we're talking about a lead magnet.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker C: So I'm like initially I was just thinking having them coming in for a consultation, but I don't know how often people would book these in and then just be no-shows if it's just a free consultation, like whether or not like the girls were saying if that's grabby enough, but then also considering something along the lines of like a free review of of your current skincare routine.

Speaker A: I think that's pretty cool.

Speaker C: Yeah, but then not really knowing how to manage that, like doing it remotely or through email would be a lot of work potentially. They're just sending stuff in and you don't know what their skin is like. But also, like, I feel as though I don't like lead magnets when I go on a website. Like, giving someone my information just for them to email me something means just another email in my inbox. Like, I feel as though that's not grabby enough, like personally, for me, I wouldn't sign up for things like that. Like, hey, give me these tips or whatever. I feel as though I'd be trying to be sucked into something. So like, doing something like that, I, I kind of can't get my head around because I don't like it myself.

Speaker A: Yeah, and you need to do something that, that works, you know, for you. What, what would make you want to— what feels aligned with who you are. So You know, maybe the— I mean, the reviewing their skin skincare routine, I would probably make that an in-person appointment because your other offering that they're going to pay for is also— they have to come in.

Speaker C: Yeah. So yeah, it's like a skin analysis and skin routine revamp or review.

Speaker A: Yeah. Do you feel good about that? Like, would you, would you do that if you were, you know?

Speaker C: Yeah, I feel like I'd do that for anyone anyway. Like, that would be part of a consultation for an initial patient.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Anyway, so I guess just advertising it as something that's free, and then potentially, I guess, also advertising the skin analysis as something that's paid for would make people feel as though they're getting it for free.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, potentially. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker C: Which then would just be a booking, like a book now kind of widget on the page.

Speaker A: Exactly. I think that could work really well. I mean, I probably would book for that if I was, if I was a warm lead and I'm like, oh yeah, I'm thinking about I was thinking about doing, you know, something with you, but I'm not quite sure yet. I probably would do that as a first step. It's low risk. So lead magnet needs to be low risk, high value.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: But you need to have something because not everyone will be ready to buy.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yes.

Speaker E: So what were you uncomfortable with? Sorry, I was just to the bathroom. You said?

Speaker C: Oh, just, I think, having a, I guess, like an email link through. So like when I was watching the videos for this week's module and talking about like in 2 days and then in 4 days and then in whatever days, like sending through another email, like personally, I would, after the second email, I'd be like unsubscribe. Don't send me any more emails because you get enough emails like that. I don't know that something like that for me would feel as though it'd be catchy enough to get someone to come in for a consultation. You know, I think, yeah, because I don't, I don't appreciate those emails myself, like having, getting bombarded with emails when you've just asked a question about something on a website.

Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree. It's just that, yeah, I agree.

Speaker D: It depends.

Speaker E: But I also noticed with myself that it really depends how interested I am in that particular service or product. Some of them I even, I can't wait for the messages to come through because I want to learn more. Others, it's like you say, yeah, I just feel spammed. So I guess it's finding the right person. But how do we do that?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And the right information, I guess. And being limited in what information we can give, I guess, is the other thing.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Like, how much skincare advice can you give in a week's worth of emails?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Without seeing them.

Speaker A: I think that, I think that, you know, the, the one that you package up as, as a free, it's basically a free consult, but it's also review of the current routine. I think that's a good one because that also, that would be something. And later on, that's why I want to make sure we have something good for everyone here, because later on when we talk about, let's say, a letterbox drop or direct mail, that's also what you can then offer. Yeah. And it needs to be, again, needs to be packaged up really well. You know, it needs to be, I would almost go so far as to say, you know, most people's 'Your skincare routine is completely wrong.' And then you say, 'And here's the reason why. Come in to see if you do it right.' So it needs to be almost a bit polarizing or a bit like, 'Oh shit, like most people's skincare routine is wrong,' or, you know, or something like what we've been sold, you know, through advertising in terms of skin and, you know, having to use 7 different products is actually not good. If, I mean, if that's true, I don't know if that's true or not, but something a bit polarizing that we're going to go like, oh, I want to, I want to hear more.

Speaker C: Okay, I'll work on that.

Speaker E: That's the diff— not difficult thing, but I find it because I'm in the profession, everything is so obvious. And whatever I try today, I feel like, oh, people already know that, or why do they want to know that? And it's hard to come up with context because I eat it, I live it, I breathe it. So I think everyone else knows, and Yeah, I sort of find it hard to, to know what other people find interesting or want to know. I think that's what I would like to find out, and then based on that, I can create my content. I don't want to just throw shit out there for the sake of it.

Speaker A: Yeah, the good thing about, about, you know, testing these, even if you just test it a little bit with, you know, one week you test one and then the other week you test another one, you can sort of See very quickly what's resonating even quicker. And I do this with book titles too. Even a quicker way to test what's resonating is you put a quick ad up on, on Meta. So let's say on Instagram and you have 3 different, the same ads, but 3 different headlines. One is, you know, skin analysis. One is skin this, this, this, and you put $50 on it and you can see straight away which one is more popular targeting your audience, of course. Because someone else might say, yeah, this is cool, but then they're not your audience.

Speaker E: Yeah. Well, that's the thing. Yeah, no, you're totally right.

Speaker A: Yeah. But I agree. You don't want to just, you know, put shit out there. You want to put out there what people want. So one way I guess is to ask your people or how you asked me. Yeah. And the other one is to do a quick ad even and see which one gets the most likes, engagement. And you can just, you don't even have to make it difficult. You can just say, hey. We are giving away 10, you know, skin checks or mini facials. Just put DM us and the first— so you don't have to have a form or anything. You say, hey, send us a DM. The first 10 get it. Yeah. And then you can test another thing too. What else would you— what else did you think of?

Speaker E: And I guess, you know, from personal experience as well, I mean, nowadays we are very time poor. We are, you know, with inflation and everything, people tend to like free stuff. Like we say in Sweden, free is always good, like tastes good. And yes, if you can give away free stuff but of value, like a mini facial or, you know, something that doesn't make you look cheap either, you know, during your first visit, I always find, you know, get $50 off or, you know, get a free something. Works, but obviously you can't continue with that. But I guess that's where the referral program then comes in.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Then you sort of have them hooked there. But I think, yeah, giving away something of value, which is necessary, I guess, don't always have to be, uh, I don't know, a VIP night, but that is not— that's something different. I'm just thinking, what, what would make me go somewhere?

Speaker A: And that is what would make you go somewhere?

Speaker E: Free stuff. Free stuff out of value. No, I'm thinking like, oh, the hairdresser, you know, why, why would I swap hairdresser? Why would I try something new? You know, it's, I think in our industry especially, people have been burnt a lot, you know. Um, they do treatments, maybe thousands of dollars, and it doesn't work. And obviously we're coming into body dysmorphia and, um, thorough consultations there as well. But yeah, it's finding that fine line. I think, you know, if it was a hairdresser, because it's similar industry, I would not go to a hairdresser just for her to check my hair and tell me whether I shampoo it right or not if I'm kind of happy-ish, you know, if I don't have a major problem or Can you see what I mean?

Speaker A: Totally. Yeah, totally get it. And I'm just thinking in the hairdresser, because that's actually a really good point, because something else you could also do rather than just giving free stuff, you could also give something on top of an offering. So I'm just thinking, how— what would make me want to go to a new hairdresser? Let's say, you know, where I live, there's maybe— let's say there's a new, new, new shop opening. If they did an offering where they say, hey, on any booking, We're also going to do a free hair mask for people that have damaged hair.

Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah. Something like that.

Speaker A: You know, so, so I would—

Speaker E: if you really have that problem, then you would go and try out this new hair mask and maybe finally somebody come— is finding the solution, but—

Speaker A: yeah. So for you, and you can, so you could try different things. So for you, you do already facials and stuff, right?

Speaker E: I do a lot. Yeah, laser facials and, um, skin needling and hair removal, and I do everything.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Do you sell products?

Speaker D: Pardon? Do you sell products?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: Why don't you tell them buy 3 or 4 products and receive a, a laser facial for free? And you know, you'll have them on that skincare regime. They'll love the skincare. And then they can come back for the laser. And when they start using all the products, they'll come back to you and buy the products. That's what I used to—

Speaker E: I think as a new client, I was more thinking, um, you know, um, how do you bring new people in?

Speaker A: Yeah, because as a new client, I wouldn't— you know, that would be too salesy for me. But even we can do things timely. So right now it's winter, so that probably means that we have a bit more drier skin maybe, or split skin, or I don't know, you guys are the skin people. But let's say if we had a winter thing going, we're like, okay, in winter everyone struggles a bit with like lips and stuff. Can we, can we make an offer like that? We're like, you know, the winter special. If you book, um, you know, your first appointment with us, you get this, plus also you get the, you know, moisturizing something or whatever we need.

Speaker E: I think it's also about being people's face in a way, you know, that we all know. And, and with everything, it's the consistency. I think a lot of educational stuff, maybe on Instagram, and keep repeating it, finding that pattern, you know, and build rapport. Um, many times, I don't know, maybe we are looking for a quick fix. I give a free something. No, I know, I'm contrary. Indicating what, you know, I just said. But just because, yeah, what I'm trying to say is maybe focus a bit more on, yeah, the consistency and, and your brand message. And yeah, you know, like to build that rapport maybe even before you get them in, and then get them in with a free mini facial. And I don't know, do you have accounts that you look at, at Instagram where you feel you can just keep scrolling and looking after, you know, the next, the next, the next video because you find it, the topic interesting, or it might be a competitor or whatever. Like the Aesthetic Place, I did the, um, business growth seminar with her. I think she's quite, quite good. You can check her out on Insta. Um, Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. The thing is, we do want something. I totally get what you say. The younger demographics, they often don't look at one account and just scroll, you know, through their feed anymore. They, you know, we've looked at the research of what the behavior is and they often look at stories mainly, the Insta stories and the reels with music on it at the moment. So. So, so definitely I agree. I think consistent content, we still want something because, because you do want to be consistently in front of people. I think we still want them in our, if we can, we want them in our network somehow. So you want my name, my email address in your system in time. Is it called GetTimely?

Speaker E: Yeah, GetTimely.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that then, you know, once a month or so you can send everyone in your system a quick message and say, hey, it's July now and here's, you know, a few little things that have worked for our clients that I thought I'd share with you.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then you keep me warm and then you do the same next month, next month, next month. And the more that I hear from you on, you know, in my inbox, if I've given you permission, but also in social, on the social media channels, the more I trust you, the more I'm going to be willing to spend a lot of money.

Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah. It's all a process, isn't it?

Speaker A: Well, yeah, it's a process and it's It's about being smart and we don't, you know, some people make it way too complicated and they have all these mega big funnels and all that. And that maybe is good for some huge brands, but we can keep it so simple. We just need to have a low risk thing for people.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that people that are not sure yet, they have at least one thing that they can do with us.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So to me, facial. What about, uh, Leah?

Speaker D: After hearing all this conversation, I've got a little spark of idea, I think, because I do a lot of like the skin peel and microneedling. So I was thinking maybe I'll induce them saying if they come to my clinic, say I'll do a skin peel and I can give them one item for free. Maybe that's what I'm thinking after hearing all the conversation, but In the clinic, I actually selling it for $117, the product I'm thinking of.

Speaker A: No, like a product for free, you mean?

Speaker D: Yeah, but that's a lot of money.

Speaker A: That's too much.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that's too much.

Speaker E: What products do you use?

Speaker D: I do Murad.

Speaker E: Are they $417?

Speaker D: $117.

Speaker B: $117.

Speaker E: Yeah, $417.

Speaker B: You can make it You can ring up your supplier and tell them what you want to do, and they can offer you something. You could probably buy a certain amount and they can give you testers for free.

Speaker D: Okay, well, they're giving me a tester, like a pack, and you say you spend $1,500 and you get 10 samples. Yeah, yes, I got that, but I'm just giving it away to my clients that actually spend money on me. Not taking—

Speaker A: yeah, the clients.

Speaker D: So maybe I should do that because that's worth $40, but I just give it away because they're not really good at skincare. And some people don't want to spend anymore after they're having injectables. And I find that if I give them a sample, they always come back and get more. That's how I sell my cream, and they always come back because they love it. But with this type of thing, I'm just really struggling how to make it a bit more attractive, attractive to people to come into my clinic by, I don't know, giving out something. I'm still struggling. I'm still thinking. That's what I can't come up with, but I don't know.

Speaker E: Bundle it into a winter promotion, you know, do the reset. Skin facial, you know, in the winter months, and, uh, it costs you, I don't say, $250 or whatever, and make it a little bit magic and say with that you get a free, you know, hydrating serum booster, or if they—

Speaker D: if, yeah, because the thing is, um, my prices are not really good. Like, I mean, I'm charging like $99 for all my skin peel, and it's, it's a low price. So I kind of grab clients from that because I'm actually renting at the back of a hairdresser, which is good because I've got a lot of cross-referral. Well, not a lot, but a few. Um, so I get a few of skin peel, but I do more of a luxury facial than just a clinical peel for $99, you know.

Speaker E: I don't know if you can massage a little bit and throw a bit of oils in there and balance the chakras.

Speaker D: I spend like, I do facial, like I spend like an hour and a quarter, an hour and a half, and they all love it and they always come back. But it's just grabbing new clients. I don't know how to get them.

Speaker A: Yeah, maybe, but maybe you could do what we discussed also with Anja. Maybe you could do a, you know, a free a free mini facial, or, or if you book, uh, if you're a first-time customer, you book a facial in this winter, you also get something else. I probably wouldn't give away too much product unless you have too much that you need to get rid of, but because you also pay for the product, I don't want you to lose money.

Speaker D: Exactly.

Speaker E: And they won't value it.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker E: Do you remember, for G&I, um, This is going back quite a few years. There was like companies that would come— oh gosh, let's see if I can explain it properly— they would come to you, right? And they will target a few businesses where you are to, to give them a deal. For example, I don't know, we're talking facials, you know, a facial for $25, or I mean a peel for $25. Let's say it takes half an hour to do. And I think it was a few other treatments as well. Anyway, it's like coupons and they would sell this booklet or whatever of treatments to clients off the street, more or less. They might buy a booklet for, let's say, $100 and there's 20, 30 businesses in there and it's a value of, you know, thousands of dollars. It's almost like a little coupon. Then they go to each business and they— Yeah, I remember that you buy a book And then you get— it's called the Gold Book, but this was just the skin and beauty industry, Groupon massage. And, um, do you understand what I mean? It was a marketing company that would target, let's say, you, me, hairdresser, chiare, um, massage place. And each one of us had to more or less almost give away a treatment.

Speaker A: Oh, the Groupon thing. Groupon.

Speaker D: No, it's not even—

Speaker B: it's a book.

Speaker D: You buy a book for like $99?

Speaker E: No, no, it wasn't a book either. It was literally like just like a postcard or a folded booklet, maybe 10 businesses, and they paid, you know, $100, $150. I, I haven't seen them around for a while, and they were literally in town and selling them. And so you got a little tester of each business, not like Groupon where you jump online.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker E: Maybe it's the same concept and then Groupon came on. I don't know, it just didn't feel as cheap back then. This, we're going back probably 10, 15 years.

Speaker A: Anyway, and you think like that would be an idea to, to run now or, or what?

Speaker E: No, I just sort of hits me and I think, I'm thinking as my speaking, I probably speak before I think here. No, it's too much of a Groupon thing, isn't it?

Speaker A: I haven't, I don't have, I don't know it, but Groupon is definitely not, not a good, um, no good strategy. Yeah. But, but I think for, for you, Leah, if you know, it's because even with your, your, we definitely need something because you got the hairdresser there. Yeah. And if you want more clients right now, imagine if the hairdresser could tell their customers as they come in, like, hey, at the moment, because it's winter, it's, you know, the colder months, we're giving away this winter warmer. Something something with Leah. Like, that would be so cool. Something that doesn't take you too long. You would pick up so many clients.

Speaker D: Yes, I get a bit of client because I like have special at the moment, like my skin needling, which is $50 less, and then my, my skin peel, like $99. I get a bit of few— I'll get a few people to have facial, and they ended up having cosmetic injectables. And I'm not sure how to do that in my website or other areas because I'm not really active on other social media.

Speaker A: I'm struggling with that.

Speaker D: I failed a few people that manage it. I spent too much money. One time I spent 2 grand and the other one was a little bit, a little bit less than that. So I thought I'll stop it and I'll finish this course and hopefully I'll I'll get back into it again. But yeah, in terms of social media and my website, there's not much really there that people can grab. Although I've got a person came last week and she get it, she found me from the website, which is, I was surprised and I was amazed by it. So I thought, oh gee, there's something in there. There's something, you know, it can do something, but I'm not sure exactly how to do it yet.

Speaker A: So, well, your lowest hanging fruit is doing something with your, with your hairdresser. Yes. That's, I would focus on that. I would, if you say, hey, right now this whole social media and all this stuff is not your jam right now, the lowest hanging fruit that what you could do right now, today, tomorrow is come up with a very basic, like very irresistible offer, print out some cards or flyers or vouchers. Give it to the hairdresser and say, hey, for the next month, you know, for say until the end of July, I'm doing something special.

Speaker D: Like, I don't know, 50% off, 50 paying $50 for my skin peel. Is that a good thing to have?

Speaker A: Or maybe you could do it. Why not? You could test it. And if you get too many skin peel, it doesn't really cost much.

Speaker D: It just spends so much of my time because it takes me an hour. An hour and a quarter, an hour and a half. I'm terrible.

Speaker A: Yeah. So do something that doesn't maybe take too much of your time, that is easy to deliver. But I would, I would think about what's easy to deliver and it's high value for them. So they walk out thinking this was amazing and can also lead to injectables. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: I've got quite a few actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So that's the, that would be the key action. That was, that would be the thing that I would do.

Speaker D: Okay. So maybe just like say $50 for a first skin peel and $99 next or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Maybe just say, just say 50% off for new customers for one treatment.

Speaker D: Oh, first treatment. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. First treatment only, 50% off.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Oh, I don't know how to get people at the door. That's, I'm struggling.

Speaker A: No, you need to tell the hairdresser that's a gift that they gift to their—

Speaker D: oh, they kept on asking me. I said, Lea, what else? Come on, get some flyers. And I'm so slow working, and oh gosh, it's a lot of work with business and stuff. But I've been doing this for a year, but I'm not really doing well in terms of getting new people. A lot of people come back because of what I do in my room, and because I take time, I listen to them, and making sure that they you know, they're comfortable and all that kind of thing.

Speaker A: They all come back.

Speaker D: It's only, I don't know, out of 10, probably just 0.5, 1 don't come back. So I've got return, a lot of returning clients, but just new client that I'm trying to get people.

Speaker A: Yeah. So what's holding you back from doing that? What's holding you back from putting together a voucher and giving to the hairdresser?

Speaker D: Um, my time and, um, Yeah, so I work, I still work in a hospital and working, you know, in a clinic and it's starting to get a bit busy and lots of work to do. I can't even keep up my website. I'm trying, I'm planning to, and I went away and I just come back this afternoon from Darwin. So, ah, busy life. But yeah, no, I mean, I should just, you do that. I should do that tomorrow because I've got a day off.

Speaker A: Well, only if you want new clients. Yes. Only for new clients. If you don't want new clients, you're too busy, then don't do it. That sounds good.

Speaker D: That sounds a good plan.

Speaker A: But if you want new clients, I think if you did that by next week, you will tell us, hey, I've done that and I've got new clients through the door. It needs to have a time limit on it. So when you do something like that, you need to have a deadline on it. You need to say this is valid until the end of July, for example.

Speaker D: Okay. Interesting. Yeah. Oh, thank you for that suggestion. I'll, I'll get onto that tomorrow.

Speaker A: Yes, please, and, and share in the chat and see if— I will.

Speaker D: Yeah, I will. Yeah.

Speaker A: Joanna, are you good? You— have you got something that you can test?

Speaker B: Me?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Um, I don't know, like, yeah, like the only thing that I can think of is, um, complimentary consultation, and then once they click on it, then they'll get the free gift inside maybe, and then you can probably offer them an express facial so they can feel the product. I don't know, I don't know, it's hard. I wouldn't have a clue.

Speaker A: Just do one thing. I think we're making it too hard, too complicated.

Speaker B: Everybody offers a free consultation, you know. Um, yeah, I just want to think of something that really will— I need to really think about it. I'm going to work on it for about a we can get back to you next Tuesday.

Speaker A: I'm really—

Speaker B: yeah, like Anja said, everyone offers free consultation.

Speaker A: Boring.

Speaker B: But why would they come to you? Someone that's never come to you, why would they come to you?

Speaker E: Why?

Speaker B: Only reviews, which we're not allowed to get reviews. Uh, before and afters, which we bloody do. Um, there's so many things that's stopping us from marketing because of the regulations, you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just asking ChatGPT.

Speaker B: I'm having a little—

Speaker A: yeah, it's painful. I'm having a little chat with ChatGPT about, hey, what's better to a free consultation? And it's not nailing it at the moment at all. A refresh session, a glow game plan, a confidence kickstart, a glow and tell session. Yeah, it's, it's got some ideas, but none of them are nailing it. So, so yeah, maybe maybe just have a little chat and say, hey, I don't like that, or I like that, or make it more playful, make it more edgy. And then it's just about testing it because it's winter, right?

Speaker E: And yeah, maybe we could have, um, I mean, this is a one-off, obviously nothing permanent that will sit on your website, but have a little, um, open clinic day, maybe one day advertise, get that message out there and have a Um, clinic day, will you serve a bit of, I don't know, um, mulled wine and, and bickies, and they can come and grab a scratchy of your little mini Christmas tree? You can get those, you can buy those scratchies July. Yeah, and make them personal to your clinic from Long Story Short Design. You can buy 100 of them and they, they will put their free stuff, you know, when they scrape off, it will be free minifacial or $50 off your first treatment or or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. Christmas in July, like a Christmas in July opening. That's pretty cool.

Speaker B: The only, the only other thing is referral programs as well.

Speaker A: Yeah. We're going to talk more about that too. Okay. Yeah. We can talk more about that too. Today really is, and I have to actually jump on another call. Today is just about what's a low risk thing we can give people that are not ready to buy anything yet or anything big yet. So anyone who is looking at us or who is walking through, you know, in front of our shop or who is, who we're talking to at an event or my friend is talking to, what can be a low-risk thing to give them?

Speaker E: So what's next week's homework?

Speaker A: Next week, next week, social media.

Speaker E: What's that?

Speaker A: Social media next week.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, that's another hard one.

Speaker E: Sounds good.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Social media is painful, but there are, you know, there are ways to make it a little bit less painful.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker E: It's all good.

Speaker A: Yeah. Awesome. Cool. Okay.

Speaker E: Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Well, hey, any final closing words? And just let's everyone share an emotion. Anya, what do you feel? Shitty?

Speaker B: Shitty?

Speaker E: Gone better?

Speaker A: Sunshine. Sorry, I just couldn't hear you.

Speaker E: Sunshine.

Speaker A: Sunshine. Yeah, exactly. Leah?

Speaker D: Oh, I am happy to be here.

Speaker A: Awesome. Joanna?

Speaker B: Stay motivated.

Speaker A: Motivated. Yeah.

Speaker B: Even though it's difficult.

Speaker A: No, it's great.

Speaker C: Actually, I think motivated. Motivated.

Speaker E: A good one.

Speaker A: And I'm excited to see what you're coming up with. Don't make it hard. Keep it simple. Test something super basic and then you can revisit it. Have a great evening. Have a good evening.

Speaker E: Bye.

Speaker D: Bye. See you later.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker D: Bye.