Speaker A: First thing is the, your LinkedIn profile. So any feedback on LinkedIn is basically the question, right? So let's pull it up and look over LinkedIn. And this is a good one too. If anyone else on here, if you've done some cool things or spot some things, you know, that could be great feedback for Beth, so feel free to jump in as well. Chime in. Always good to hear from many brains versus one. Straight away, a couple of things to, to look at the banner. You could, you should update this banner with some branded content. Usually what I try and I'd usually say is something that's branded and like a marketing snippet. So if I land here, because let's say I land on your profile at the moment, I see your name, I see CEO Cessna and Associates LLC, right? I don't see anything about recruitment, HR, do you know what I mean? And we're fickle online. I have to basically— it was down in here where I only sort of started to get—

Speaker B: I hear you. We took— I took that down. It was this wonderful overview of diversity, equity, inclusion, right? And so— and didn't replace it. So thank you. Yes. I really appreciate that. What is your suggestion for that?

Speaker A: Yeah, I understand you took the banner down, didn't want to cause riots on the—

Speaker B: welcome to America.

Speaker A: Yeah. But so what usually what we do is and suggest something with like there's a couple of ways to go, kind of like a hero image, which is almost like what you've got. Wait, where is it on your homepage? This one's a bit stock image, I find. I, I don't love that image, to be honest, but something like that where it sort of shows, or it could be a photo with team or one of you. And then usually what you'd go for, what I'd suggest is one line, which could be, it might have your logo kind of sitting top left or top right somewhere on there, or even bottom right. A line, it's kind of like your tagline. Something that says clearly like what it is that you're doing. So it could be, you know, nonprofit recruit— recruiting consultants, something like that. Really clear. I know it's not only nonprofit now, but whether you want to update that or— but something like, give you the impression, like something like that. And then another good suggestion on there is you can, if you've got a review or a testimonial somewhere, you could just like extract like one line from it or something like that, or just like 4 words. They says like, you know, saved so much time, got the perfect cultural fit, you know, and that's thank you in quotes from John Smith, 2023 or whatever. So a little bit of credibility so that the second someone lands, they get what it is. So like, oh, I got what it is and they see a bit of credibility there. Like if I show mine as a, where's Christo? This is a variation on what I'm saying. Ready to grow your business, small business marketing workshop. So just we're hitting on like the one thing because we know this is the most common entry for us. So it could be like if you, if you knew like the strongest path to sale for you was say, HR free 20 or free 30-minute HR consult about your next hire or something like that. That could be the one thing that you kind of pop on there if you wanted to. So this is a different way to go. So we're kind of, we're like trying to feature Entry Pathway. And, and yeah, you can see it's branded. So it's pretty, you know, and there's some people in the workshop and so that, that's one approach. Otherwise more general, usually what I'd say is just like what I was giving feedback then is, you know, like a, a line saying what it is and a bit of credibility with, you know, a snippet from a review, something like that would be a good idea. Alright, thank you. Yeah. And usually designed or an image so that it just a bit more captures the eye a little bit there. Next thing, the title here, So one good thing about LinkedIn is it's very SEO friendly. It's very search engine friendly. So LinkedIn ranks in Google, you know, sometimes you do a Google search and it's got like websites and then there's someone's LinkedIn profile. Um, and the way we try and get ourselves to rank and also for searches within LinkedIn is this title is pretty important. So what you'd put in here is CEO Cessna and Associates. Recruitment for nonprofit or recruitment and HR consulting services. So you kind of got like keywords in there. Like, yeah, like I'll have like, see my very first words in my title are marketing strategist, right? You know, it's to try and get that, those keywords across.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And you can only put, obviously it's limited what you can do there. So you just, put those sort of topmost important keywords. Pretty quick, easy change update. The about section, I actually thought it's great. I read through it. I thought, oh, this is, this is great. The only thing I'd say again is you could try and just blend in if, if the keywords aren't there enough, or you might know, I know you got recruitment in there and, and human resources. So it's, it's it's got some great keywords already throughout. And I love it how it does, how you do mention like, you know, effective searches that combine the use of AI augmented digital sourcing and high touch. Like it sounds very up to date and current, like, which is great. So really the only thought I had on that, it's like if you did want to blend in a few more keywords and that's from a sort of search perspective, what the, the words there, I, I was happy.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Um, sometimes, and this is totally up to the individual, sometimes in the about, if you wanted to try and kind of like humanize it a bit more, you could say, you know, otherwise my, you know, outside of work, my hobbies or my interests or my passions, whatever, you know, I'm into baking and baking and forest on weekends and love, you know, love to watch, you know, like, right. And, and what that does is it just shows, okay, you're human to human, you know, to create a bit more connection. So, yeah, but some people don't necessarily want to share that in there, depending through their business profile. All good either way, but it, it can create a bit more human connection.

Speaker B: Okay, good suggestion.

Speaker A: There's one, section when you're in the edit kind of section, I brought mine, I wanted to share mine to show you. See this, there's a section you can basically use. So it's after the about called featured and you can, you can basically feature something with one link. So I've got in there once again, because I know that introductory workshop is the kind of main entry point. So It could be that you pop an image in and say, you know, get in touch. It's almost like you can use it as a call to action on LinkedIn. You could say get in touch for a 20-minute discovery call or to talk about your next hire.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But basically you can leverage that place. That spot is a good kind of call to action and it is alive. You can make it a live link. So if I click on that, it's going to take me to that registration page. Okay, you can obviously edit it and, you know, edit and make whatever you want on yours, obviously.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: And then back to you here. You put through these sections just to make it look a bit more current, up to date. If you go into this and click edit, there'll be edit in the top right when you're on your own profile. If you, if these businesses all exist, or if maybe they don't, you can find the business if they've got a business page and then it pulls the logo like these ones, like yours. That just makes it a bit more.

Speaker B: Yeah, they have all merged.

Speaker A: Yeah. Gotcha.

Speaker B: It's been a while.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that's the way I think with everyone. I have the same. I have like some businesses which were like, um, exactly the same thing. So this logo, logo, logo, logo. But then as you look at more, there's something else there though.

Speaker B: So that can be handled other than the blocks. Something else can go there.

Speaker A: I think it automatically pulls these low. I don't know if you can. See if— I don't know if you can also—

Speaker B: yeah, Norell has actually merged about 10 times, and like literal, that's not an exaggeration. And, um, uh, uh, what is it? The— God, I'm so blind, I can't see. Temp Placements was a partnership, and when we split, so did the company.

Speaker A: Oh yeah. And that happens. That's all right. Just leave them.

Speaker B: The rest of it's me. So yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. I have the same challenge with mine. It's like past businesses that I had that I sold that got absorbed and stuff and they don't exist anymore. So they, um, have the same, but that's all right. Just if it's, if it's possible, that's, um, okay. All good. And then the only other thing you mentioned recommendations, that was just my last bit of feedback on here. Um, Yeah, that you took some down because they were so outdated.

Speaker B: Oh my God, they were from 2007. I didn't even realize they were that old. So, yeah, so that's why I was asking you how best to, to, for example, one of my references said give me some keywords and I'll go ahead and write you something. And I thought, okay, that's an interesting thing to ask.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Uh, she was both a candidate and a client, and I've known her for 30 years, and I've actually placed her 3 times. So, um, she's a good reference for sure, but I'm not really sure how to guide her in that way. How would you recommend generally guide somebody?

Speaker A: Yeah, just all you need to say to her, something like, you know, the keywords for us are recruitment depending on what level you want to focus, C-suite recruitment, or, you know, what did you add somewhere, something like challenging roles or something, difficult roles to fill, niche recruitment. You know, you could say inclusive, like just, it's just like the words, words, words, and then she'll write it and it'll, it just basically will include them in there. So that's all she's asking. So what words to sort of like infuse into the recommendation.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's great. That's great that she, she asked. Yeah. So yeah, just think of those main words. You don't have to write it for anything like that, but just tell her the, those words you want, you know, which would help you to be discovered if someone searches them.

Speaker B: I think she'd be insulted if I did. She's an executive in the marketing field.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. And then, so that's it for LinkedIn.

Speaker B: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: Cool. For now, and feel free to make changes or, you know, create a banner.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Further reviews are, you know, of course encouraged as well. So as you make changes, feel free to resubmit. Next part to your question, your website. All in all, so the website couple of parts to this. There's the website kind of like as an overview, a bit of feedback, and then you said you're mostly just updating text at the moment. So then you've got a couple of pages to look at. The— and you mentioned that obviously for costs at the moment, you prefer to just, if we can, work with what you've got here and then update the text and do it, you know, do what's possible without blowing out the budget. And looking at this, Like the website in general, general feedback, full-on overview feedback is like high level is it's good, it's okay. Like it's not, it's, I think it comes across with that kind of professional feel about it, especially with your brand colors, which are the blue, gray, white, you know, like it has that kind of professional color, the meaning of that, of dark blue. And you know that people tend to develop this trust.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker A: The branding in itself, it's straightforward. It's not like over-the-top, you know, creative looking, but it looks nice and trustworthy.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And the whole consistency with like, you know, all headings are on brand color and it's uniform fonts that you're using throughout is all really good. The In terms of quick, just like a high-level SEO review, this page, see right at the top where my mouse is doing a little jiggle up there, you've got Home, Cessna and Associates LLC, and then recruiting services for nonprofit organizations. So that's, that's good. This is key. This is a key phrase that's been inserted in the backend to help you rank. So they've done pretty well with that. Like, it's, you know, it's recruitment services for nonprofit organizations team. There could be a bit more variety in the backend. They've kind of rolled with that same phrase for, you know, all the different pages. But it's, you know, like, this could be something like our, you know, the team that source or, you know, whatever the hiring and recruitment professionals, but like, so it could be adjusted, but it's not bad. And then the overview in terms of how it's the, the site in terms of usability, like in the menus and everything, I think is good. Usually what's a little bit more uniform nowadays is the about and team would sit just before the contact on the right. So instead of it'd be sort of like this position where successful outcomes, So those 2 would be the kind of 2nd and 3rd from the very right.

Speaker B: Okay. The tabs would be pushed over. Got it.

Speaker A: Yeah. So contact is pretty uniform, is always the last on the right. Then the next from the right would be, you know, maybe the about, and then you'd have team or either way. The text you're adjusting, which is great. This one, I did mention the image already looks a bit stocky. It'd be—

Speaker B: believe it or not, it was better than the last one we had in there. Got it though. So I guess this is my concern. We hired these people back in 2018. They, for the time, that was a whole different time in technology. They did our website. I had a little marketing person come in and help us update a bit, I guess about 2, 2 and a half years ago. Again, an improvement, but not rockstar. Is it— they control— we can't update it ourselves. We actually have to work through them to update. I do feel like this stuff looks a little clunky, I guess is the best way to put it. We don't, we don't necessarily need basic bananas type of creativity because of who we deal with. I mean, most of our clients are within walking distance of the White House. Okay. So super creative right now really doesn't go over real well. So, but this is— I honestly think we just need to have the whole thing redone. I guess what I was asking you is it looks like it's kind of coded old school. It feels old school. Is that, am I reading that correctly? Because I'm not sure.

Speaker A: It does. It feels, it feels like a dry, like a sort of a drier professional website. It could be that I'm looking at yours or a lawyer's or an accountant's, do you know what I mean?

Speaker B: It's like the, right.

Speaker A: Not that there's anything specifically wrong with that, but it could be that like what I, my, my main feedback if you want to work with what you got here is It needs to be humanized a little bit. Like you need more, even if they are stock images that, but just ones that look like they're not as stocky.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: I know you are about inclusion and everything, but like not everyone has to have like the white guy, the black guy that, you know what I mean? It's, it's just too stock.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: It might be one of your team even just smiling or it's, you know what I mean? Something like that. The, the team page, there's a, there's a lot of nice smiles. Like these sort of images really should be used throughout the site because what you're trying to do, like what it's like, the whole site needs to be humanized a bit. It feels a bit too clinical. So you could like save an image of, I don't know, a team or one that's a bit more of a more natural looking stock image sits here and then one, you know, down here there's an image of 3 team members or something like that. You know, we're looking forward to helping you with your next hire. Like just some more, right?

Speaker B: Any ideas? We actually, none of us are, we are all hundreds or thousands of miles away from each other. Yeah, this is a completely remote business. I only have one staff person within drive time of where I am. Everybody else is 3 to 15 states away. Any ideas? Do you think Plock doing something interesting plucking people's images in AI would work?

Speaker A: Well, you could, you could try. Otherwise you can play with, look for more natural stock images and then even if it is the odd image throughout, which is just like a profile shot like this, like even if, I don't know if Lindsay's still active, but like, you know, on the services page you might have a photo of Lindsay sitting here. Do you know what I mean? It's gonna already make quite a difference.

Speaker B: Right. Yeah. Everybody is still active at varying levels. I've, some people have been put to super part-time, but yeah, everybody, the people that are currently on the website are still getting paychecks. So, okay. Thank you for that.

Speaker A: Because that would already help a lot. Like I can see some eyes, I can see some face, I can get a feel for the, the people a bit more throughout and then yeah, a bit of a play with some better stock images to make it feel more natural., but it needs sort of like photos throughout, like on each page, a couple of photos is basically, yeah, would help things a lot. And then with you updating the text, it's gonna, it's gonna help a lot as well. So work with what you've got until there's, yeah, budget to kind of go, all right, let's do a full re— okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty much for the, for the site. 'Cause now you're working on the copy on the text. So the homepage text, just checking. Oh yeah, and the next two parts of your question were the homepage and the services. So the homepage text, As you mentioned, you've worked with AI to help you get things done first. The headline and this transparent, purposeful, proven, great. Just something because you go straight into Cessna and Associates is a woman-owned boutique search firm dedicated to. So we've gotta grab the attention of the customer a bit more first. We kind of gotta like hook them in. Um, so this, um, I just put this kind of note here: needs text here focusing on top wants or problems, your target market. Uh, so if it said something like, um, are you currently recruiting, um, just as an example, you know, like to grab my attention, like, are you currently recruiting? And then I see something like, you know, finding the best talent. This is just total, just a quick brain dump as an example. Finding the best talent and fit for your culture can make the difference in any team. Let us find people who are a great fit for your next role. Make the process effortless and enjoyable for you. Find the perfect fit for your brand culture. Like just something that's like, ah, that's what I'm looking for. Okay. You know what I mean? So we've got to talk, we've got to like, it's like we're always trying to match the thoughts that are already present in the prospective customer's mind.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So we're trying to grab the attention of them by matching them where they're at. Okay. And then after we've grabbed their attention, then we talk about ourselves. Okay. So then we talk about how we, we help them. Um, and otherwise, and then that's all great because that kind of introduces you and it's, you know, um, there's still benefits and things throughout now, transparency, right? I think this is all good. I was happy with everything else, just needs that. Obviously, you might adjust the text. This is just an example. Of course, of course. And then the only one other thing I thought could make it easy on the eye is potentially this, this part where you say mission and approach. You, you could make it something like like I've put in here to make it easy to follow, you could adjust this section to make it something like, let's say the title is How We Do It, something like that. And you have 1, you know, 2, 3. So it has like obvious, here's the steps of how we work. So like, you know, or where we came from, you'd need to adjust the text obviously to make sense, right? But our team, you know, step 1, we go through assessment with you. Step 2, our team gets a deep, you know, deeper understanding of your culture, does the research. Step 3, we deliver the top, you know, candidate to you. Step 4, you, you know, have a happy, happy, happy life and high five. So that when people see it, they're like, oh, that's how you work. That's how it is. Because especially with a service, we're trying to like gain our like What is this? How do they do it? Do I want to get tangled up with this thing or not? So you're just trying to paint the picture a little bit of what will happen.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Okay. And I'll, and I'll have Heidi email this doc to you so you'll have this.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Thank you. Notes on the side. Oh, and the only other, other thing for this one was if you have testimonials, reviews, something you could pop in a section. I just put the note at the very bottom. Would be good to have little reviews or testimonials, maybe, you know, sitting right in actually between before services. You could have something just to what our happy customers say. It could be like a, I put here, here's what happy customers say, and then it might be just like 2 lines from 2 testimonials, which you just insert something like that., or, you know, something like, I don't know, like, this isn't a good example, but I write all smiles with the perfect next hire, you know. Right.

Speaker B: Well, and how does it come across genuine if we use a first name and last initial?

Speaker A: We're also— it's the better, the more info you have, the better. However, having nothing versus something that only has a little bit of information. A little bit of information, something is like day and night compared to nothing.

Speaker B: It's way better.

Speaker D: Right.

Speaker B: It's, it's just some nervousness since we were attacked by bots.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: We haven't been for a while. I don't want any of our references ending up getting the same sort of phone calls that we did.

Speaker A: So, yeah. So you, you can, If it says, you know, John R. 2025, that's great, great start. Obviously even better if it suddenly has their full name and business, you know, or business logo. You could even say, you know, their role in business if you don't even say their name. So it could be, you know, thanks for the amazing hire, you guys are great. And it just has business name, you know, or business logo, business name, right? So you could use the— because you have people within businesses, it could be the business. So you don't even have to name them or just, you know, whatever, J.R., initials, team Happiness Rockstar at Basic Bananas. So cool. Just like sort of like the more info shows, obviously, yeah, the more credibility Of course, of course. Um, and then your other, other page— where are we? Down— oh, here.

Speaker C: No, I, I can't see your screen for some reason. I've lost seeing the visuals, Christo. I don't know if it's just me.

Speaker A: I can, I can see, but Can everyone see my— everyone else see my, uh, so what have I done to lose your screen? You might have opened something over the top. Have you got another browser that's popped up on top, or not that I can see anything?

Speaker B: If you go up to your view, go up to your view, do the standard view, and you should be able to see everything.

Speaker C: Gallery. I can see I've got Gallery, and I'm seeing all of you, but I'm not seeing—

Speaker B: Right, but hit Standards because Gallery—

Speaker C: I can't hit Standard. There's nothing Standard that says Standard.

Speaker A: Oh, I'm sorry. I'll, I'll— I'm going to, uh, stop share and then reshare, see if it helps you. Yeah, there we go. At least it's brought it back in, in the right spot for you. Fantastic. Thank you so much, Krista. No worries. Thanks for letting me know. Otherwise, I'm rambling on and you have no idea what I'm doing. And if everyone's— they'll never know if, oh, I've been showing, giving feedback and no one can see it at all. I always prefer to know. Cool. And now I have lost your services. Where was the services page?

Speaker B: Let me— ah, here. And excuse the screaming cat in the background, by the way. Toby's wondering why we're not in bed.

Speaker A: I can't hear it, actually. What time is it for you?

Speaker B: It's not that late. It's only about 9:30, but he has certain requirements out of life, and I'm not meeting them right now, so Oh, this one's very straightforward.

Speaker A: I like it. All good. Because this is kind of like the way I like to translate this. It's easy when we understand products. This is almost like a, it's a services overview page, right? So it's like a product overview page, which all makes sense. And each section is great. And I like it how you've made it clear with like the line breaks and the headings. So it's, it's really easy to skim over and look for what I'm looking for. If I'm a prospect. So that's great. Only little minor one again is potentially a little bit of what I'd call marketing text, like as I just shared on the homepage as well, something that focuses on want or problem of the target market. And it could just sit below the headline. So you'd keep this high-touch recruitment for mission-driven organizations. And then as a subhead before this first paragraph, or even just part of that, it could be another paragraph that sits above that one where it says something like, you know, let us save you time and money with your next hire at any level, just as straightforward as that. And I've popped that in the feedback for you on the side.

Speaker B: All right. Thank you. Yeah. Guys, thanks for sitting through all that. I said a lot this week.

Speaker A: So, so good. No worries. Well done for taking action and making a lot happen. This is awesome. Yay. And feel free to make changes and resubmit, of course, anything you further feedback on. And your battery lasted. So that's good news too. Yeah. Cool. Is that— that's— well, that's given you plenty to roll with for now. And as I said, feel free to make changes, or if you need to clarify anything, feel free to just resubmit. That's all totally good. All good. Cool. Well done, Beth. Nice work making things happen.

Speaker B: It's great.

Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you. Yay. Should we give Beth one clap? I thought Katherine's just gone for it. One clap altogether. 3, 2, 1. Yes. That's how we give a bit of love. Kat, let's come to you. Now I just need to, I'm just gonna close off some tabs so I don't get confused. Oh, you are in a Word doc, aren't you? Let me just find it. Got it. Cool. So you've been doing some great work on the structure and text for your homepage.

Speaker C: This is looking good. Endeavouring to, as you know, I'm desperately trying to refine and help people to understand what it is that I do, seeing as though for some reason I seem to be a complete and utter mystery to people. It's doing my head in, by the way, I have to say, um, because it's kind of like, how, how, what do I need to do? What do I need to say? How do I express my work to people, you know, who arrive? And some will understand, some will understand, but there may be, you know, there's obviously others who don't seem to understand and don't get what I do, and somehow I'm not making it clear enough, or whatever it is. And I really, I'm, I'm, I am struggling a little bit with it to kind of land in a place that I feel, okay, you know, here we go, this, this hopefully sums up enough. How do you explain the nuance of what you do in what is a sort of a generic way, to a certain degree, to make it palatable or easy for people to understand. So I've been working on it. I took it, I've had a session with Kevin, um, so he's seen it. He likes a couple— he— there's a couple things that he particularly likes. I just wanted to bring it here. Um, I thought I sent through the other document which gave an or in there, but it doesn't have an or. So for some reason, um, maybe I didn't send it through thinking that I did, but I can explain what that or could be. Is in terms of it could be this or it could be that.

Speaker B: Gotcha.

Speaker C: Or the H1 more than anything else.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. And so this is good because knowing where it's come from as well and come, you've come a long way already with the current site as well and the changes. I know you've done a lot of work on this and it is, you kind of hit the nail on the head there as well because it's Well, you're creative. Um, and, but the rest of us want to know which box to put you in. You don't want to be put in any box because you do, you do, and you have a unique offering and it's unique and it's different and it's creative in the way you explain it, which can make it harder for us to go like, where do I file you? Like, which box do I put her in? Um, and so That's been the challenge. I think let's just start from the top. The, the structure here all looks great. So the, like the banner tagline strip, intro section, 3 core outcomes, the difference, basically getting into like the how you do it in the solution, yourself, client logos, testimonials, social proof, services snapshot. This is great. Getting in a call to action and footer. So the whole structure looks great. And the content, everything there, nothing stands out to me.

Speaker C: Can I just chime in there? So, you know, if people want to look at the homepage while you're talking through, you know, please go to my map to maverickminds.com.au so you can actually see a lot of that structure is already there. So this is kind of finessing, um, because I do have some testimonials on the homepage, you know, I've got, um, you know, client logos there and what have you. But yes, potentially it could be Um, sort of more refined, I guess. The big one more than anything else is that banner, banner image, which is fine for now. Um, that might change, but I'm comfortable with the banner image at the moment. Um, but it's the, it's the tag, it's the wording, the H1, H2 that, you know, I'm trying to get right. And then the bit of copy in that upper fold you know, so that people read it and get clarity.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. Gotcha. So let's have a look. So yeah, so that'll, well, let's just stick with this for now. So this, this, the heading, like this one I like, like connect, think creatively, work well together. So there's some big points of like focusing on benefit, benefit, benefit. And then this one, yeah, is like where I need to really need to go, okay, now which box do I put you in? It's not the way, it's probably the worst way to explain you, I think, but like, where do I want to file you? So it's like, okay, I got these really big picture benefits up here. Now let's kind of channel things down to where I can understand. And this is where I just, here I was looking at it and I stood on this for a while to come up with such simple feedback. But the helping leaders and teams think creatively and work strategically through. Now, when you say human-centered, I think it's almost too, once again, it's too your language and too industry language and too caring, whatever, too creative. It needs to kind of spell it out where it's like through one-to-one coaching. This is what I just thought. I thought something like, ah, like that's, it's sort of like you gotta like channel it down to our, like, so we can understand you, what it is now, like where does it, so it doesn't have to be exactly those words and you might hate those words.

Speaker C: Um, but because it's not just one-to-one, that's the thing.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, through one-to-one and group coaching, you know, one-to-one group coaching and facilitation, like something more I even thought maybe workshops because also facilitation, this is a common one that we have a challenge with ourselves. Is facilitation a good word to use? Obviously, I'm a facilitator when I'm at an event or facilitating events. I'm right now facilitating advisory board with, with you guys. However, so that our market understands it, we're often saying workshops, even webinars. We don't even use a lot because we'll say online workshop. You'll see us using those words. Because the market's got to really get it. Um, facilitation, still, I know, I know for you and myself, it's such a simple word. It's clear what it is, but I feel like it's almost a little bit vague still. Um, and that's what I think also happens here when you say through human-centered coaching and facilitation. What is it? It's kind of like how I feel a little bit. Like, what, what is it? So how are you doing? Like, what is it? And I feel like this, this line, this basically, this paragraph can, can summarize things and really help us kind of like get you, you know, what you're doing by benefit, benefit, benefit, benefit through. Now tell us clear as day how you're gonna do it. So you got the big picture benefits here. Okay, you get me, you get me. How do we do it now? Just tell me so I can tell my 3-year-old son and he'll understand it. Do you know what I mean? Like, what comes after this is the part— it's really like, this isn't— it, it really needs to just kind of bring it home, like, oh, okay, gotcha.

Speaker C: Um, so, so could it be something like, um, through— if we take away human-centered, which is a word about, you know, helping, because we often talk about that it's all about the humans that are at the end of what we do, you know, so making it human-focused and human-centered, but I can get rid of that word, that those I had innovative at one stage, but maybe it needs to be even more simple than that. So through, I don't know, individual and team coaching facilitation workshops and facilitation or something. I mean, people do search for facilitation. It is one of the keywords that people actually do use when they, they find me as well. So I am conscious of that as a keyword. Does, um, I don't want to put training. No, no, no, no, I'm not, I'm not a trainer. Training is not in my vocabulary.

Speaker A: Not mentoring. Just dumping ideas here.

Speaker C: Not mentoring. It's not mentoring. It is coaching and facilitation experiences It is about experiences, creating, you know, experiences for people to, to, to learn or to, to, you know, to have the conversations they need to have to, to create the changes they, that they need to have in terms of, you know, how they function as a team or what's going on in their organization, those sorts of things.

Speaker A: Could it be just as simple as like I Does, does just coaching and facilitation maybe say it if it is just getting rid of human-centered? Yeah. Do you think facilitation, like, so let's just sit on that for a second and, and others on here as well, maybe Natalie and, and, and, and Beth or Sarah, if you've got any, any thoughts too. Like, we're basically what I want this, this line to do after through is simplify it. You know, that, that's what we've got to kind of got to go to, like, here's exactly how we do it and whether coaching and facilitation is enough. I know I just, I feel like human-centered, it's great, but it, it does lead us, it sort of leaves my mind wandering a little bit rather than going, got it. So if we drop that and we just had through coaching and facilitation. Um, obviously then my next question, well, not obviously, but my next question is going to be, is facilitation the best word? Like, could it be workshops, or maybe there's another word? I don't know. I don't know if it's, I know it's probably not only workshops once again, but does coaching and coaching and workshops, or could it be coaching and facilitated workshops?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Yes, because, um, it could even be group workshops or facilitated workshops.

Speaker C: I actually don't mind, you know, because groups are different to teams as well. There's a distinction there as well, you know. Yeah, yeah. Um, Beth said, I'm a guide. You partly that there is something about sort of guiding people through things. I know I don't know if that's the right language or not. Sarah's gone, helping people work better together, guiding conversations that move teams forward, supporting people to think, talk, and act with purpose, making group discussions easier and more productive. But that's kind of like, That's fine, but it could be the list, you know, it could be something that happens underneath. But if you're talking about that H2 tag, that really is succinct and says what it is.

Speaker A: Yeah. And, and, and most importantly, I just want the, the reader, as I've just said, to, to get it. This is, and this has been your, your challenge. Like, I remember when Gav said, I went to your website and I was like, what is it like? But what I just, I was really curious and interested in what you did, but I sort of didn't, didn't get it. This, I think that already makes it a lot clearer if you just say like helping leaders and teams think because you got leaders, got teams think creatively, benefit and work strategically through coaching and facilitated workshops. It's a lot clearer. Yep. It's a lot clearer. I like it pretty short as well because it's sort of like if you, I think a little bit of a challenge has been for you, you kind of want to like build it out a bit more always, but to kind of keep it really short, it'll actually sink in quicker for people as a reader.

Speaker C: Yeah, I get that.

Speaker A: This is good. Yeah, I know, I know it can feel a little bit deflating sometimes too, like, sorry, this is like, because it, it's too simple. I get that as well. Like, it's, it's sometimes you need this necessary It's like our tagline as an example that we've used for the longest time as Basic Bananas. We've played with variations. The most used is small business marketing made simple. It's the most boring. It's boring as batshit. It's just like for me, it's like, oh gosh, that is a simple kid's tagline. But we need it. Because people go and people say, oh, I like it, you know, I'm like, oh, okay, made simple, you know, like, okay, small business marketing just because it sort of explains what it is. They get small business, they get its marketing, they get there's a benefit made simple, like, and so what you have here, it's like helping leaders think creatively. It's got the benefits, it's got who, it's got who they are, like, kind of, and then what it is is included as well.

Speaker C: Of course. I'm, I'm happy to, you know, run with things for a while, you know, change it, start to see does that shift anything, you know. I'm— it can be changed again if, if, you know, if it's not exactly right ultimately.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, of course, of course. But that, like, all in all, as then I was going through it, like, okay, cool, there's Otherwise, I didn't have any other feedback. I thought, okay, all the rest of this is looking really good.

Speaker C: The only other one that I wanted to mention is number 2, the tagline. This, the tagline underneath the banner. So when, when you scroll up on, you know, that first line of text, and at the moment I've got, do you need help to create positive change in your organization? So this is where Kevin said he quite liked the, um, what is it, um the shift your thinking, shape better ways of working as that first sort of line, and then with that blurb, the intersection, you know, what we do, etc., etc. So what do you think of that? And that was going to be my or, you know, could it be on the banner shift your thinking, shape better ways of working instead of 'Connect, think creatively, work well together.' And that could go, that H1 could go down to where the tagline is 'Shift your thinking.' Yeah, swap them around. What thoughts? I don't know. I'm kind of stumped at the moment. I want to go and bury my head in something.

Speaker A: Because this one, obviously, the, well, this one, the the biggest takeaway is work well together. So for me, it really lands on that. So it's about the team collaboration kind of working well together. Yeah. You have think creatively, but that I don't, I sort of, it's kind of like this builds to this. Yep. So that's the main takeaway or shift your thinking, shape better ways of working that to me says more like let's get everyone more creative, whether it's me, team member, that person, that, you know, to create better ways of working. Yeah. So that's the biggest, the biggest difference. I do like this. If I have to say which one I like the most, I like this one the most. Shift your thinking, shape better ways of working.

Speaker C: Well, shift your thinking is my tagline actually. That is my tagline. But should it be the banner H1 thing?

Speaker A: Yeah, shift your thinking, shape it always. I like it. I think it tells me, I think it aligns with you more with what, with who you are and what you actually do. Sometimes I like, you know, say the experience you run in the session and we We all work away and go and work in our own bubble, but I'm more creative as a result and more inspired. Like, it doesn't have to be that I'm working as part of a team. Do you know what I mean? It feels to me— I know it's still here, but this one, I feel I take it more from this one.

Speaker C: Could it be the three? Could it be shift of thinking, shape better ways of working, work well together?

Speaker A: That might be too much. Good. Shift your thinking. Shape it always away. It does get a little bit longer. Wordy. Lose it. Yeah. You kind of like don't really remember it. I know you got 3 on this one, but they're all pretty short and punchy.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. I like this one. Up the top. For SEO purposes, usually you want keywords in it. It doesn't necessarily have the keywords in either, but Don't get caught on that because the most important thing when someone's on a website is that it's engaging for the reader. Like, it trumps any, like, SEO focus. And this is just for a headline, so don't worry, don't overworry about that, but just letting you know, which is, yeah, not something to worry about, but just wanted to mention it.

Speaker C: Tell me, tell me what to do.

Speaker A: Shaping better ways of working. And then we go, help helping leaders and teams think creatively and work strategically through coaching and facilitated workshops. Yeah, I feel like it's sort of either, like, there's not, I don't think it's massive difference on either one of these. It's not gonna, like, make or break. But I personally do like this one, shift your thinking, shape better ways of working, because it just tells me a little bit, okay, I'm gonna work better as a result. Of like a brain reboot or, you know, creative.

Speaker C: What about shift your thinking, shape better ways of working, comma, together?

Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Is it always together?

Speaker C: Uh, no, not necessarily, no.

Speaker A: Well, then does it need to say together?

Speaker C: Does it need to be? Maybe not, no, because then you could leave shape better ways of working can be individual ways of working, but it also team ways of working.

Speaker A: Yeah, it can be that. Well, I take this can be individual or team anyway.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I like this one. I reckon this one's slightly more you. This is my thinking. It's sort of like more aligned with who you are in the brand.

Speaker C: So I like this one brought up and then drop the, drop that connect, think creative down to where that one is.

Speaker A: I think just swap them out.

Speaker C: Just swap.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. Yeah. And then I said it flows pretty well. Shift your thinking, shape better ways of working, helping, helping leaders and teams think creatively because you got the teams here as well. Think creatively and work strategically through coaching and facilitated workshops. Ah, cool. Like I get it. Yep.

Speaker C: Nice.

Speaker A: This is good.

Speaker C: And the intro section's fine.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then the intro is fine. I read through all this and it's all good. Yeah. Um, yeah, yeah, okay, good, good, good. Excellent. It could be a little— a thought too where you could, um, it would probably be here, like, only I thought if it worked in somewhere, the, um, I don't think you got it, like, what I was giving the feedback of, like, the ways we work 1, 2, 3 kind of thing. Or sometimes people create a graphic where it's like a, like a 1, 2, you know, here's how we work kind of. Yeah, I know you varied so much, but it just helps people kind of get a quick snapshot whether it works or not, like a Venn diagram. We're just like a little, yeah, like a little flowchart, like a 1, 2, 3, you know, here's how we work, assess the team, are work with the team through coaching or workshops. Number 3, happy, happier, you know, more productive, creative work environment, you know, with more productive teams. Just like a 1, 2, 3 or something like that. Just so it's just easier on the eye and it helps people follow.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And otherwise, it's great.

Speaker C: Okay, good. I shall, I shall work with that.

Speaker A: Heidi will send you this doc as well, even though you've got the feedback. But, um, yeah, that'd be great. Very close. Like, yeah, it just makes it so much easier. It's just that, that was really, it's just like, where do we categorize you in my brain? You know, that, I think that was the challenge in the past too when people read and it's like, so what do you do?

Speaker C: I, I still think there will be people who go, what does coaching and facilitative workshops mean? You know, like, I mean, that will be, that will be the case.

Speaker A: But, you know, like, truly, it's like, even a business owner, you know, it's like, okay, helping leaders, like, that's me, you know, think creatively, work strategically through coaching. Gotcha. You know, like, it's, people can take something from it. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's way better. It's way clearer.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, because originally when it was in the past, it was, it was sort of like, It was almost like stopping here is what you had, like helping, or not even probably leaders, was just like, you know, creating, you know, helping you think more creatively or work strategically. And it was just left really vague, like how the kind of what and how was missing. Whereas this, this helps with that a lot. Tells us who, kind of what it is and how.

Speaker C: Which is great.

Speaker A: Okay, fantastic. Awesome. And you are welcome, Kat. And as always, feel free to play with it. If you, if you look at this, you know, tomorrow and think, wait, no, not right, bring it back. Yeah, yeah, just bring it back. We're totally happy. And there's some, I think Sarah's been busy with ChatGPT in the chat box there.

Speaker C: Thank you. I'm grabbing it all.

Speaker A: I'm saving it. Okay, cool.

Speaker D: Awesome.

Speaker A: Thank you. You're very welcome. And I think, let me just check. Final question is for— oh yes, big clap for Kat. The progress is the big clap, sending a bit of progress support and well done to Kat in 3, 2, 1.

Speaker C: Nice. Perfect affirmation.

Speaker A: Thanks. Very well done. Um, cool. And those who weren't at our Experience, our annual event, um, Catherine did an amazing job facilitating, getting everyone working together, breaking the ice, creating the all-around vibe from the get-go, um, which was amazing. Fantastic. I made this stupid mistake of booking my flight so far in advance that I didn't realize daylight saving was, because you'd land in Queensland time, drive 20 minutes into New South Wales time because the airport's in the other state. So, so I, I had plenty of time, hour and 20 before we start. And then the next thing I'm at the airport going, we're starting quick, taxi. And I walk in and Kat had everyone already buzzing as the, the room was alive with workshops and things. So that was brilliant. Thank you for saving the day and my butt as, as well.

Speaker C: It was my pleasure.

Speaker A: Thank you. Awesome. You're welcome. No, I really appreciate it. Sarah, for you, you've got a question. The Royal Motor Yacht Club— oh no, Prince— Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club has asked members, um, who should advertise in their magazine, and a member has recommended you, that you should be advertising in Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club.

Speaker D: Um, so I spoke to the dude today. Well, he rang— I emailed him going, one of your members has suggested I do this, so I want to know a bit more. So the guy rang me, and, um, he's obviously— he's the brochure developer, so obviously he's in marketing, so he was a little bit smarmy for me, but, um, I got the gist of the message. They're creating a magazine which is 210 by 210, so it's small and square. All right. And they are offering an opportunity for some local businesses who have a demonstrated capacity to be wonderful to advertise in the magazine. But it's not a full— it's a little square like that, and it's gonna— he's given me the numbers— it's gonna go out to 7,000 people and to all of the members and the local community, like the, the area. And that area is extremely affluent. It's probably got lots of our, you know, key audience, our main audience, in that they are financially viable and older and grandkids, and they're not, you know, stuck in, you know, their 40s trying to make life work. Um, so very plush area. The magazine is going— their goal for the magazine is to increase their own membership from the local, um, area around them. But I just feel—

Speaker A: I'm just—

Speaker D: how much do they want for the— $1,785 for a half page. So if the whole thing is 210 by 210, I'm looking at 210 by 105, right? It's tight. Like, I just feel like it's tiny. It's something that's going to sit on a coffee table for a while and then get tossed into landfill. Um, I, I'm not convinced that people look at magazines and then get on a website. I just, I'm just not convinced about this. So I'm in a dilemma.

Speaker A: Do you, if, if someone books with you like a typical trip, would you make that much, do you think, on top of the, like, obviously they pay you, you pay costs at all expenses and everything that go, and I know there's a lot of work that goes into it. If you're comfortable sharing it, do you, would you make that much if someone booked like a trip?

Speaker D: Yeah, it's, it's probably, it's the margin of one client.

Speaker A: One client.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's what you want to be obviously targeting.

Speaker D: Interesting. It's an interesting way to look at it. It's actually only the margin of one client.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you got to get one client. First thoughts right away with this kind of thing is usually I want to ask like, So have you, like, asking the dude, have you, um, had people advertising trips in the past? Have they run it before, or is this their first one? Is he saying, like, if the people run trips in the past, are they in there still?

Speaker D: Um, no, there's no other. Um, okay, the history is that we've been going there for a long, long time. We've got many clients in that membership at that yacht club over many years. My dad used to sponsor, um, events there, blah blah blah. So they are aware of us in that magazine. They are not— they don't want to have businesses competing, so we would be the only holiday charter business in this magazine. And they haven't done a magazine before. This is a new concept to build membership from the surrounding area of the yacht club, right?

Speaker A: Okay. Um, it's a hard one. It is hard because it's usually like, we'll ask, hey, you know, what's, what's the results been like in the past? Are there regular advertisers? What sort of return do they get? You know, even potential. Okay, sure. One. When it's like a one-off new thing, it's, it is a bit of a gamble. But yeah, knowing, okay, you gotta get at least one with anything in print, like just for the sake of feedback, I'd try and have some sort of call to action that's, that needs to be done. Like we call it direct response marketing, like some ad that needs, that requires a response, like a book buy Oh, I see. You know, just end of December to receive XYZ on 2026 trips or something like that. Some sort of like mention this ad and get da da da. And so you're trying to like trigger a response in them. Basically, that's what I call it, direct response. Like it needs a response. Otherwise, if it's just like branding ad, it's too vague. It's not gonna happen. It's like the ads you see for a bank where it just says ANZ on a billboard. You, afford that because you're, and you're not, it's, you're not going that you're trying to like drive an action from the ad. So you got to kind of think like, what can I push them to like 2026 trips filling up? You know, maybe even a bit of scarcity on it like that. They're filling now, limited spots remaining, mention this ad to receive 10% off. You, you know, you, you pull something like that.

Speaker D: It's not even going to come out. Print until March, April next year. So it's almost too late for 2026. It's probably more like 2027, unless the other— I was thinking to say to them, okay, I'm gonna go ahead, but I want to be able to do a presentation at the club in January, or I mean, it's probably too late for December, but in January. And I've done presentations there before. Um, oh, I just, I just don't have the wriggle room to throw money around really.

Speaker A: So yeah, it's a, if I'd be, if you can make it feel more valuable to you, you've got a relationship with the, like, as you said, with through your dad did and then now. Yeah. With them. Like, so if there's If there's something that can make you feel like, okay, like if they, if you do the ad, you'll get to do 2 presentations next year or something like that. Also, someone mentioned in the chat editorial, Kat mentioned is way better than ads. Maybe also say, look, could you, you know, at the moment the budget's not there, so it needs to be something to get us over the line. Just being honest with you, like if, if we can do a presentation or you could maybe also include an editorial story. Story, um, and we do like an interview, you know, interesting, interesting yacht trips that happen around the world. We're, you know, interviewing Sarah Joyce, um, in this, in this episode, and here's an interview kind of thing. Editorial, um, like Kat mentioned, when I— back in my professional surfing days, we would actually go to our sponsors. It was just common the way you did it. Any editorial exposure you got a brand was worth 4 times the cost that it would have cost the brand to advertise. So if, if Billabong was my major, which who are my big sponsor for many years, if I had like a full page in a magazine and I know the cost to do that's $5,000, I can go, well, there's $20,000 worth of exposure I got for you because it's in editorial, it's 4 times the value of. So that's actually how we'd add it up. So we go, hey, look, Billabong, I got you $100 grand worth of exposure this year. And that's how you did the math because people engage with editorial more than, okay, right, more than advertising. So if you could get both, and that's a common thing that magazines do, it's like, hey, we'll give you an editorial story and an ad. You see it all the time. It's like, you know, there's no, it's no fluke. You're probably reading Virgin Inflight magazine and there's an ad for, you know, something. Oh, they got an interview too down the back, isn't it?

Speaker D: You know. Okay. Yeah. All right. Maybe I'll work out a way to bargain with him a little bit. Yeah. I'm really conscious. I know that it's— I, I don't love that it's plastic-filled, plastic-coated landfill at the end of the day. I just, I don't love it.

Speaker A: But anyway, it sounds like, like the, the fact you've said you've had a bunch of people from the yacht club attend trips. It does sound like it's pretty good market.

Speaker D: Yeah, it is. They definitely are. Um, and, and we used to present there all the time. Overall, the yacht clubs are a little bit reluctant now to promote businesses. They don't want to be selling to their membership anymore. They want their membership to have a place to go that's about community and, you know, vibe and not having somebody trying to sell something. So it's actually quite hard to get into them unless you know people, and that's how I got in there last December. I did a presentation and flew up for that.

Speaker A: Um, yeah, tricky. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, that— I think if you can see value in it and if you can Maybe if the presentation and just keeping in mind, like if you could get a presentation, a bit of editorial, you know, like there might be a few ways that you can make it more valuable to you and feel more confident with it. And keeping in mind that it might be one booking. It might even be a, because also what comes to mind when you say people from there have done trips, it might be a good way to give them a nudge that then they rebook.

Speaker D: Yep, yep, you're right. Okay, interesting. I will ponder. I appreciate that I sent this in at 12:30 today thinking today was Monday, and that's actually Tuesday.

Speaker A: Oh, very good. There you go.

Speaker C: I love it.

Speaker D: On fire today, kids.

Speaker A: That's how you get Express looked after. Heidi messaging me I just ignored her messages because I was in the feedback doc. So I just saw it pop in.

Speaker D: I'm like, that's all right. You're so good. All of you are great. Thank you for hanging around, everybody. And, um, I, yeah, thank you for the feedback.

Speaker A: Appreciate it. No worries. And feel free to like bounce it off us again, of course, if you, yeah, or say, hey, here's what they came back with, or throw it in the members chat area in the online, you know, members site, and I can keep the brainstorm rolling. Yeah. And then also what you actually do as an ad or, you know, what you, when you draft that, if you do it, you know, if you end up going ahead.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: Of course, the content.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: I just will see quickly if there's anything in the chat here that I want to hold on to. Yes, agreed. Yeah. Okay. We've just said it there. Nice. Okay. Fantastic. Appreciate that.

Speaker A: Thank you very much. Yeah, you're very welcome. It's not far from us. That's not far from Basic Bananas headquarters.

Speaker D: I know, I remember driving past you on the way to the presentation when I had just started Basic Bananas, and I was like, oh my God, they're just right there.

Speaker A: You see the bright yellow office, the wall, that's the wall. The yellow wall is literally like, there's all windows, just like the wall is like about 3 meters further than my hand. There is that bright yellow outside. Yeah, brilliant, brilliant. Yeah, it's about 10 minutes up the road. Um, cool. Well, yes, there you go. Some things to discuss with them anyway. And, uh, and, um, you know, it doesn't sound out of hand to me knowing that it's target market.

Speaker D: Yes, it's target market.

Speaker C: I like that. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Okay, unreal.

Speaker A: Thank you. You're welcome. Well, well done. And I think that is our final question.

Speaker C: Big clap for Sarah.

Speaker A: Oh yes, Cat keeping me in line. Very good. Clap for Sarah. Good on you, Cat.

Speaker C: What a great facilitator you are.

Speaker A: Where would we be without you?

Speaker D: All right, see you later, Beth. Take it easy.

Speaker A: Go to bed. Yes, thank you guys.

Speaker C: We love— Thanks everybody.

Speaker A: Thanks, Christo.

Speaker B: You're welcome.

Speaker C: Thank you guys.

Speaker A: Bye. Bye-bye. Bye for now.