Speaker A: So today we have, well, two parts to the first question, two separate questions for you, Sarah, and Adam for you. It's very much a, today's theme seems like it's travel. So it's a travel advisory board today. And So Sarah, we're gonna start with you and, and of course anyone else, if questions pop up as we go, if you or any thoughts you'd like to share, feel free to jump in at any point in time as well. And Sarah, we're gonna start with you. So you've sent through a couple of questions. First one being you've been running with the retargeting ads on or a specific ad on Meta. Facebook, Instagram for, um, for a while, you said for quite a while. And, uh, wondering if— what do we think, basically? Um, and, um, do you want to explain it? Explain it, what's that in terms of the ad?

Speaker B: Um, need to explain that, I need to open up what I've said to you because I'm remembering these things. Once you start talking, I will remember. Okay, but I'm just curious about what we're doing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Um, and I guess now I've separated myself and I'm doing some stuff on Google Ads and some stuff on Meta, but, um, very low amounts of money. Um, and we had been doing ads, but now we are just retargeting and we are retargeting to people who have been to the website and looked at our trips. So now we're just trying to stay in front of them after they've already shown some interest.

Speaker A: Yeah, gotcha. Cool. And you, um, so in your email you mentioned we've been using this ad for a while, tried a couple of different call to actions, you've loved it, but now You're getting critical and judgy. You have your doubts and trying to break down the thoughts of the sailing holidays. And one thing that you mentioned as a concern, well, a point of difference, and I guess a concern is you, you don't want to be kind of considered a party alcohol booze cruise kind of.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Style trip. And, but you obviously still want people to have a great time. So you're wondering about the messaging, if it was negative from the, from the get-go in this video that I'll share. What do you think in general? My thoughts are that the intro through the rock hole may be too long. The negative wording of no parties could be better used for fun we do have rather than being, you know, focused on what you don't. And is it too me-focused?

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: And you said—

Speaker B: I didn't choose any of the images. That's my colleague. She's very amazing. But now when I watch it, I'm like, oh my God, cringe, cringe, cringe. But that's just— might just be me looking at myself.

Speaker A: Okay, let's play it and see. Actually, let me know if the sound works because I didn't— can you guys— is that sound coming through the music just then?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Yes and no, a little bit.

Speaker D: It sounds like it's very muffled.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just gonna stop share and then I'm gonna reshare. Because what I suspect is, yeah, here we go. Try again. Now let me know if it's in like full stereo.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah.

Speaker A: I'm gonna start, I'll start again because I know everyone's focus is on the sound. Now we can watch the video. It covers a little bit of that text there already. You can see the play, the little scroll. It does.

Speaker B: And actually, when you see it on Facebook, it's not covered. So I'm not sure why it's coming up like that. Trimming here, is it?

Speaker A: Okay, I'll just, I'll just play this and we can I'll let it run through a whole another time.

Speaker D: Cool.

Speaker A: Yeah, so it's not cropping it like this, just so we're all aware. We probably all have that feedback. It's trimming a little bit, but it's not when the— I'll, um, Let's see what happens here. Oh no, it's gonna— did I just lose it? Lost it. Quick back. There's Kevin.

Speaker D: Hey Kevin.

Speaker A: Um, cool, we're back. So, um, some thoughts I have straight away. I think the ad is great. I don't think you are— it's too you-focused because no one would know it's you anyway unless they're a customer and they might not really recognize anyway. So it's— that's okay. Definitely not a concern there. At the start, the no parties here, I don't think you need that at all. I think it'd be adjusting that and like you've said, focusing on something awesome, like, you know, your dream sailing holiday starts here. And it's, yeah, it probably would be a little bit more sparky if it was like cutting that cave clip out and it's, it starts with you doing that jump off the boat. Because these first couple of seconds on social media are critical to grab our attention. And when there's something moving or something like You know, even when it's a still image, we find ones with some sort of like someone's like catching a ball in like it's a caught emotion rather than just like a clear picture doesn't seem to grab as much attention. So if it's kind of started with that, whereas like, you know, your dream sailing holiday starts here, backflipping off the boat, I don't think you need to say no parties. What you could do, which I'd like to see in there, is it shows you, so you are your own target market, but just like in that carousel ad you have, like show the demographic a little bit, like that's wicked. And it just shows the, I think even a close-up or, you know, like it's the, maybe if it's sort of this baby boomer market or it's like, you know, 60 is the target market, like just wherever the, you know, show a, I don't think you need to say no parties if you show that that's, you know, the age drinking wine, drinking a glass of wine, then teenagers don't want to go anyway, you know. And then people see it and know, okay, it's not a, it's not a Contiki tour.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: That, that would, that's all you don't have to say it. Do you know what I mean? Like, I think you just gotta like show us the dream, show us who it's for in this ad a little bit would be, would be awesome. So let's see if it's the, that target demographic, however you want to describe them, like the target drinking a wine or looking at a view or, you know, but basically show them in there. And otherwise I like all these, I like all the other little pop-ups. There's one that's a bit too long for how quick it is. We're not your average sailing trip. So I don't think you need the no parties here, but the, they're not your average is cool. We do love an adventure, you know, great message. We're here for the good times. That's awesome. Oh, this one, I couldn't read it. It's too fast.

Speaker B: It's too fast. And I've, the only reason I can read it is because I know it's there, but you're right. It doesn't, it's too fast.

Speaker A: It's too wordy. And you, if you're saying we're not parties, you could get it out anyway.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: You know what I mean? If you're showing the target market with a, with a clip or an image of the target market included in the, in the video, then I don't think you need to say that. I like the angle and it's, you know, it probably is a big thing that most cruises are like just a piss-up, but I don't think you need it. I think you like, yeah, I don't think you need to say it in this ad. It's not like the number one selling point, you know what I mean?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. I feel like we've got some other really great selling points. So I'm not sure about this one now that I've become a bit critical of it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, just say all the, all the good things like you have here with all these other points. Um, I don't know what that one is because it's cropped off. We love eating food.

Speaker B: I think it's something long lunches or something like that.

Speaker A: Oh cool, yeah, that's good. Um, oh, we love great food maybe, and wine, sailing. Yeah, this is good, and otherwise it's good. Alright, it's close. Yeah, just, and you're right about the start, like, it's too long, like to about there. That's 4 seconds. Yeah, even in like YouTube, I remember like a few years back I did like the YouTube advertising Google certification course thing and like the ads, basically it's like the first 2-3 seconds, you gotta show something engaging. It's gotta be pretty tightly cropped, like something you can see on a mobile because we might be on a screen on a mobile and then it's, you know, so it's pretty small. And those first couple of seconds you're trying to get like a, almost like an angle in someone's, an angle through the message. So if it had like, I don't know, like a, It's just the only one I'm thinking of at the moment. But like, you know, your dream sailing holiday starts here, you doing a flip off the boat. You've, you've put something in my mind. Yeah, you know, you got my cogs turning, you got the daydream kind of happening, you triggered, triggered thoughts. Cool. Yeah, any other thoughts on this one from anyone else? And also from you, Sarah, have I given you feedback you can action?

Speaker B: Yes. Yep, totally. I think, and I think you're right. And, you know, sometimes when you watch it over and over and over again, I just, I think I lose perspective on it. So then I started doubting what I was thinking. And, but I think that you've said what I thought was happening in this ad. So, yep, I'm gonna change it up a bit.

Speaker A: You're just getting more and more clever as a marketer, and now you're Finding your own, finding your own, reviewing your own stuff, finding your own faults to improve in your marketing.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: And then the page you send them to. So this is the page they go to. 2026 guided sailing holidays.

Speaker D: Cool.

Speaker A: I like that. It's just straightforward, kind of telling us what it is, but this, why travel with us? I reckon you could get something more like a bit more juicy there, even if it is just What did I just say? Like your dream sailing holiday.

Speaker B: Oh, I see. Yep. Yep.

Speaker A: That why travel with us means nothing to me at this moment, but your dream holiday with us starts here, and then you can basically still have these points. All experience levels welcome. Sell as much as you like, or You could add a tiny bit more text here. Because there's not a lot on here, I'd— that headline, change it basically.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right.

Speaker A: Yeah, to something like whatever, if you have a different angle you're liking, but something like your dream, your dream sailing holiday starts here.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: And then and then it may be a little blurb saying, you know, experience the world. I think this is cool. It's sort of cosmic. It feels a bit checklisty. I know it has the benefits on the back. It's sort of got almost like a, like a feature and then tacked on a benefit on the back, which is cool. Like, you know, authentic local experiences kind of feature. So you go beyond the trail. I like it.

Speaker C: Could you prioritize the text a bit better there to make you first bit stand out and a bit larger, and then your second bit just to back it up a bit smaller. So you've kind of got a heading, then a little bit of text. So it, you know, you pull out the important things first.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So you mean—

Speaker B: so go with your question.

Speaker C: Yeah, saying all experience levels welcome, that's your main part of text. Sale as much as you like. It kind of— there's a lot of text there, all with the same priority to look at. So if there's anything, okay, doesn't really stand out, like the first part or something, and then, yeah, whatever you think is what you want to stand out, and then you kind of explain it underneath it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh yeah.

Speaker D: If I can throw in, it's lacking to me, it's lacking a bit of sizzle or excitement. It's like, it's very dry as far as the information goes, and I think it just needs that element of excitement about what you're selling. It's selling the sizzle.

Speaker A: Yeah, I agree. I feel like it needs like this headline adjusted as we've just said, and then I think just a little block of text, like not much. It might be as much as this, like as a paragraph or two paragraphs, a little bit on all kind of why, why, why, and things like those points that you had in the In the video, in the ad.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. In the video ad, you know, like, sell, you know, the most beautiful place on earth with experience, you know, that know the area, drink the local wines, sample the local delicacies. We love food. We love to, you know, like a little bit.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: As Adam's saying, like a little bit more of the, you know, sell the sizzle. Not the steak. Yeah, it's kind of like the steak and these bits are a little bit sizzle, but I think just needs a paragraph there too. And then you could have a little another subhead where to break it up where you could say before these points in this same size font, another subheading that says something like 5 reasons to, you know, join us for your next dream holiday and then have these points all experience levels authentic like a spoon. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Makes sense.

Speaker A: It makes sense. It doesn't have to be much.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: Yeah, it doesn't have to be much. And so it shouldn't be, it shouldn't be too hard to do. ChatGPT will help you work it out in.

Speaker B: Yes, 100%.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then if you wanna throw it in the, throw it in the online community if you want feedback quicker and tag, just tag myself and Francisca. And if you want, like, just say, hey, Christo, what do you think? -based from advisory board. Here's what I worked out with ChatGPT and all that.

Speaker B: Yeah, great. All right, no worries.

Speaker A: Cool. And then are there any other questions on this? Or you could— oh yeah, this is good. TripAdvisor. There could be a couple more testimonials showing here, but you do have this and you got to see more reviews.

Speaker B: I think we're trying to Maybe stop the really long pages of stuff.

Speaker A: This one and this is, is this, then this is for the retargeting ads, right?

Speaker B: So they already kind of know who you are and they've already been to the website and they've already had a look around. So yeah, it's really about the retargeting.

Speaker D: If this is, if this is coming in from retargeting, should there be more of a driver call to action, like, because they've looked at the ads and now you really want them to do something, but there's no real invitation to do that.

Speaker A: That's true. Like a talk to our team or something. You do have these where they split off because obviously it's got, it's kind of like a product overview page, isn't it? It's like you've got these different categories, different trips.

Speaker C: Could you use those as like a call to action saying pick your trip?

Speaker A: You know, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Oh yes, here they are.

Speaker A: Yeah, choose from below or like step 1, select your tool below.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: And having, having, if one, if one of them is selling hot, actually highlight that, which gives a bit of dynamic to what's going on with the products to actually say, hey, this is a hot seller.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a good point.

Speaker D: Even if, you know, even if you are deciding it's the hot seller.

Speaker B: Yep. Got it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Meaning, meaning you're trying to push it. Gotta get numbers.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. These, and then like I, I see you, it is a bit, it's kind of like an index page almost, isn't it? Because then you go, as I went into one of those, then it, there's a lot of detail about the trip and the itinerary and everything, which is great.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, do a few just little tweaks to this page and you're—

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You're looking good.

Speaker D: I am gonna look at this page in more detail, I have to say.

Speaker B: Correct.

Speaker A: Emma popped a suggestion there in the chat.

Speaker B: Relax. Okay.

Speaker A: No parties.

Speaker B: Alright. I can fix— I can do those things.

Speaker A: And you had this one.

Speaker B: How do you feel about the difference between a, a real ad and a carousel ad?

Speaker A: I do like a carousel because you get the variety. It's a tough one because it really depends on you start looking at how many viewed and how many clicked through. You sort of want to start to gauge the click-through rates because if this is retargeting as well, it's gonna show up to people who visited the site. Same with the other one. How many saw the ad? How many clicked through to the website? It's just a pretty straightforward number to pay attention to for retargeting ads. And it does sometimes trick us. I like my— if I, off the top of my head, I'd say I like the video because it's a bit more happening there. But having said that, It's, it really depends on the conversions.

Speaker B: It's hard to, yeah, and I can, I can look at the conversions. I meant to actually look at the conversions before I came in so that I could tell you what they were. This, the carousel has only been running since I think maybe Thursday last week, but I can definitely see how I could, I could have, I didn't think to jump on quickly before the meeting and know how they're both converting. So I'll double check that.

Speaker A: Okay. And all kind of just try and pay attention to what's the conversion rate. So if one's had 200 people, one's had 500, what was the, you know, what's the percentage that clicks through?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: And you'll start to see. Yeah. Sometimes with these carousels, like a bit of a strategy will do. I do like it how you've put the different, completely different images and sometimes it might be little testimonial or snippet from testimonials or something, or including video, because you can do video carousel as well. And knowing that I have looked at the website and then I'm going to see this ad, it might just take a little bit of convincing me with some testimonials. So sometimes in a carousel, consider including testimonials to sort of like, like imagine I'm interested and now the job of this retargeting ad might be to build the trust and the certainty a little bit more.

Speaker B: Oh, that's a good idea. Okay. I have done posts in the past of our reviews, but now that you've said it about putting it into the carousel, I like that idea too.

Speaker A: Yeah. And as retargeting. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: It's a great strategy. Cool.

Speaker B: Okay. All right. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. And now I will go through the comments and so thank everybody else at the same time.

Speaker A: Chelle's just booked a trip while we've been started the savings account.

Speaker C: It's going into my 5-year.

Speaker B: Excellent. All right, thank you. If my internet has been a bit shy, so if I disappear, I might just catch up with you next week.

Speaker A: Yes, I know, that's all right, we understand. Look at that, that's what's calling you, the, you know, the warm weather, the, the, yeah, yeah, water to dive into as a morning swim while we're all freezing.

Speaker B: That's the point.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's all good. Nice work. Once again, and cool, we're gonna jump onto your question, Adam, next. Let me just find the doc, it'll make it easier to explain.

Speaker D: It's been an interesting few days.

Speaker A: Yeah, so you've got a a question around a new offering. Do you want to explain it? So, yeah, it's really interesting.

Speaker D: At the core of this is coming back to what's the core problem that we're trying to solve for our clients. And something that we identified some years ago is basically we are solving the problem of loneliness or disconnection. And through what we offer in our experiences and travel is basically connecting people simply. And it's through the guise of travel and events and that sort of thing that we get that to happen. And that connection can happen on a personal basis, connecting with your environment, connecting with yourself, connecting with other people, et cetera, et cetera. Behind all of that, we've identified then that there we've got certain target segments that we deal with, and one of them is the lonely traveler. They are people that are looking to travel that maybe they can't afford to travel solo, They may have lost their partner, they may be, you know, they may be single, they may be widowed, they may be on a tight budget. They're very keen. And the problem with a lot of travel experiences and offerings is that for a solo traveler, you've got to pay twice, basically, particularly with cruising and that sort of thing. And so we've offered through what we currently do, a share with a stranger. So like on our cruises, we actually say to people, if you want to share with someone, let us know. I've got two guys and this has just happened in the last couple of weeks. They're going off to Paris on the river cruise. I literally connected them, got them together at a coffee shop down here. The guy was in town, one of them was in town from Brisbane. So we sat down and we met them and they actually got to talk through and then we met again and started planning things out. So it was, that was sort of what was going on. And at the same time, I literally got a phone call from a gentleman last week in Adelaide saying, do you have a register of people that are looking to share with people when they go traveling. And I went, no, we don't, but that's a really good idea. And so the idea sort of consolidated or it sort of crystallized and went, what we actually want to do is provide a platform where people can literally register themselves to share with other people on travel experiences. So it's facilitated process. It's a bit like it's— I'm aligning it with like with picking a flatmate, like Flatmate Finder or that sort of platform where you literally fill in the profile, say what you're looking for, and then the database matches you up with people that are appropriate. So it's sort of grown from that sort of the core idea, and it's basically looking to see if we can do this so people can say, I want to go to, say, Berlin with someone, or I wanna go on a particular cruise at a certain time, or I just wanna go traveling on these dates, or I wanna have this experience. There's a whole bunch of different things to it, but that's sort of the basic idea. And so it's basically designing a website and a database behind it that allows us to create these profiles for the guests. That, that's the technology bit. And then we can facilitate how they connect. This can become something that it's free to browse.. But if you wanna connect with people, you have to pay a small subscription fee, for example. And then from that, it then can then feed into things like, oh, I've got a bunch of people interested in, say, going to Croatia. And actually wanna do, wanna hire a boat. Hey, we can connect them with one of our suppliers and actually organize a group. And I've realized it's something that may not be just for solo people, but it may be for couples that wanna connect with people. And actually find other people to go and do things with. So it's very much a platonic connection platform for people.

Speaker A: Well, yeah, it sounds awesome. It sounds like it's, you know, goes hand in hand with your current business anyway.

Speaker D: It does. And it's really interesting when we look at the revenue streams from this. I mean, obviously we start with a subscription model, but then we can also do advertising on the platform, whether that be banner ads or whether that be an inbox ad or something like that. And of course, it then plugs in very easily to our product offerings and what we're doing. But then it allows us to actually then start targeting and bringing in other advertisers or other suppliers that may have products appropriate. ChatGPT, when we were going through it, even said things like insurance companies. Looking for solo travelers, this could be a great platform for them to advertise on. And I thought, hadn't even thought of that. So it's that thing and it's something that could become a passive income stream, which I think is what I'm a bit excited about. The potential, it's interesting because we've done some numbers as well. And like even in Australia, if we're just looking at Australia, we're talking something like 2 million solo trips a year is currently happening. And we've got about 50,000 LGBT solo travelers, we think. And even if we just get 1,000 of those on a year, and if they're paying $8 a month, suddenly that's like $50,000 that starts coming. What's really interesting is the global scale-up, because if we can do this here, there's no barrier geographically to what we're doing. 'Cause people globally, particularly the gays, you know, we travel and we connect, and the gays are very good at connecting with people through the hookup apps. So we are familiar with this idea of going somewhere and meeting people that you've met online. So it's not that foreign. And if you start talking international, suddenly we could be talking, you know, 1.2 million travelers potential. So, That's exciting. So it's sort of, it's just this idea. There is nothing like this for the LGBT market either. There are a couple of other platforms that do it and I've got to look at them. But there's nothing for the LGBT market, which is why I want to move on this quickly because I think if I don't, someone else will.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I know, I like it. I think it's a great idea because, and then I guess parts of the questions were, Should you build it? Yeah. Yeah. Like build it in your own, in your current website on points of difference events or points of difference traveling events or completely do it separate. Like, because my thinking with this one is it's easy to make it a, like a, like lean is usually the best way to go. You could do it within your own website. However, the, there's another thought that comes up straight away is if you do it within your own website, as like, say, a points of difference product almost, that's fine. And it works that way. You might not have the opportunity of others, like, say, Sarah recommending it or another, other providers of travel recommending it. Because if you did have, obviously, I think for you initially, it's probably better anyway to try and get the bookings for the travel yourself. Yeah, but I think it's very much like we are talking probably a two-step phase or maybe even three, but because if it got really big, you could, if you removed it from your own brand, then other travel agents could advertise on as well. They could get, you know, like things for trips that you don't even provide. Suddenly Sarah loves it because she, it's almost like you matchmake for the people that book on her trips, whereas that could be like the future where, you know, then a lot of people could see benefit in other organizations.

Speaker D: And that's, I think, because I mean, basically as well from a cost point of view too, like, without knowing the technology bits yet, because I haven't gone down that, but I can put this on the website. I can, I've got Ontraport connected. We can do all of the automation and everything. We just need the appropriate form and database structure behind it to do version 1, which is going to be Australian as the core market. But if we can get this proof of concept working, then the next step would be, I think, move it to that dedicated website. And we can certainly brand it and everything within our site. Like, we'll have the domain name registered, we'll redirect to it, the page branding will be different, and it would be powered by Points of Difference from that point of view, but have the Share with a Stranger branding on the top of the page and that sort of thing.

Speaker A: Well, like, I think that it sounds like that's the way to go. Like, you can do it as a Points of Difference Initially run it, try and build it, you know, as an offering you might be able to with Ontraport. I'm pretty sure you can anyway. I haven't played with it, like you might be able to just do it like a pages within either like on the points of difference URL or which are like member site. And I'm pretty sure you can do, I'd have to, there'd be Ontraport consultants that would be able to go, yeah, you can build profiles. Where people can update their profiles and have like a, I don't know, newsfeeds. There's newsfeed functions and things in parts which are coming now too. I saw, or available already. I'd like, we haven't done that within an Ontraport pages, but I think it's all there where you, and cause you're already on that, you know, on Ontraport, it's probably makes sense cause then they're in the database. It's all in one, one platform.

Speaker D: We can do the automations and all of that really easily.

Speaker A: Yeah, really easy.

Speaker D: You can, They do. I mean, they, I haven't touched their, their, what do they call it? CMS, the dynamic CMS stuff and all of that, which is very much where they're driving this membership site. So that could be a rabbit hole. And I don't know, but it was very much about we've, we've got the data, we need to be able to communicate with them. And I, again, I don't want to have to set up another Ontraport account and all of that at this stage because I think the cost would be too much.

Speaker A: I don't think you need to. You can easily just keep people tagged as different business, even within, even with our Basic Bananas one. We actually have some other, you know, businesses that have run in the same account and we just, just tagged different, you know, email marketing for Basic Bananas stays with Basic Bananas and the others stay with the others. But because also you could, it might be initially it's like building a member site where they could add a bio you could have certain criteria that they have interests and then it'd be easy to kind of like match tags and things like that based on interests where it's, you know, people interested in this or interested in this country, interested in, you know, and even demographics, you might be able to match up like similar age groups and things like that.

Speaker D: Yeah, I did a brain dump on all of that of the sort of the, what is it called, the catalogs or no, the taxonomy and all of that stuff. One thing we have thought of as well is that there— a goal of this would be to actually have a separate, in a sense, object database, which is where people can create their own event. And I use the term event, but basically saying, like, we don't want to list everything to start with because that's going to take too much. But we could list all of the Atlantis gay cruises. We can list all of the Pride festivals. We can list stuff. And if people can say, I'm going to go to Sydney Pride, for example, on these dates, and they create that as an event, then other people can start seeing that event or that particular cruise ship or that particular thing or that festival. And we think that could be, again, a subscriber value add that you can add your own event and do that sort of stuff as well. Initially, again, we don't need that there because it's about just fitting people together. Doing that fairly simply. But I think we can be quite sophisticated later and actually say, hey, we can create a database of stuff here and people can then say, I actually, I want to go there. In our back office system for the travel, for example, we have every cruise ship in the world listed in there and we can pick it up and use it. And I'm sort of thinking we could go down that path and have that sort of level of detail to allow people to match really easily. I'm gonna be on the Virgin tipping a beazer on these stakes, who's gonna be there?

Speaker A: You know, that sort of. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That sounds awesome. Yeah, I think with where you're at, like if you can keep it pretty lean, like the current setup to, you know, and you run it through Ontraport, that's probably the best way to go at this moment.

Speaker D: You could, it doesn't have to be perfect. We just gotta get out there.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. You could, if you're suddenly looking like a, like our members site, for Basic Bananas is on a platform, the Mighty Networks platform. You could, if you wanted, like, because on there you can, you sort of create a little bio. It does match up people in similar areas and things, but it's more like, you know, add a post, how I'm doing this, a post. It's sort of like post-based. So it could be an option, something like that potentially for you. I think Ontraport, you're probably going to be able to do even better. You know, it can be a bit more customized. Even if it's like a, yeah, like a minimum viable product initially where it's, it's profiles, interests and kind of members there and then you might be able to build it out and, you know, like actually obviously expand on it. I think this is good too. I like the, you know, the idea of being able to browse for free and then upgrade by paying to, to be connected, which is, which is the flatmate finder model.

Speaker D: I went back and looked at that and went, it's a really good model to base it on because it's like, things about this person, things this person is interested in, like their text boxes. You know, there's your profile being built, but then you say, oh, I wanna, I'm interested in cruising or, you know, river cruises or Vietnam or, you know, that sort of stuff.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, this is great. I think it's a great idea.

Speaker D: Well, seeing I'm not doing Gay Ski Week, I thought this is the time I'd usually be tearing my hair out worrying about that. And it's just like, I don't have that pressure this year.. So I thought I might as well spend the next 3 weeks doing this instead.

Speaker A: Here you go. And the worst that happens is you, you get, you're getting people's information that allows you to match them up, even if it's slightly manual to get booked more trips. Like you said, that one was like a, you're meeting at the cafe was like a very manual version of this.

Speaker D: And we, and we're seeing actually the, what do we call it? The concierge service. The hosted introductions as a value add as well. So the premium service is that actually I'm gonna put both of you on a Zoom call together and I'll facilitate the two of you meeting. Or we'll, if you're in town, if you're in the same town, we can do that and sort of have that sort of value offer as well.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Which again can be scaled and it can be other people doing it, not me. You know, so there's that, the scalability of this is actually quite, I think, quite large with what we can actually do with it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I like it. And because you've got such like the defined market, it actually makes life a bit like a lot easier. You know, you know who you're targeting and everything. I think it's good.

Speaker D: Can I, and can I, and I just again, you know, you're marketing to people like yourself, but it's, I am encountering more people that are solo travelers. You know, one of the guys from the other week was, you know, as a widow, you know, his wife recently died and now he's gay., you know, so, you know, there's all of that sort of stuff as well. So it's an interesting little segment.

Speaker A: Did he kill her?

Speaker D: I'm joking. No, no, no, no, she did die suddenly, but it was an interesting story. It was an interesting story.

Speaker A: That's all I'm saying.

Speaker D: I'm joking too without knowing anything. He's now currently my best client of the year because he's booked like 3 trips with me. Right. Oh, wow. He's spending the inheritance, so to speak. So I'm happy to support that. That's fun. There you go. Sarah, do you have any thoughts?

Speaker B: I'd be curious to see what you think. I definitely think that we are, so our solo travelers are going up also. We're getting lots of women because they want to travel but they want to feel safe. And yes, um, they love that they've got me on WhatsApp and they'll be arriving in the few days beforehand and they know that I'm there. And it's, it's definitely a thing. I really hate having to charge solo travelers so much extra cash big to cover the cost of the whole cabin themselves. So if there was a way around that, that would be sensational. I, I just don't know that the space in our yachts could do two strangers in the same cabin, but it's definitely— yeah, it's definitely a growing thing that something like this would break down the fears of doing it for the first time, you know. It's It's a big thing when you're in your 65s, 70s, 80s as a solo, freshly solo person to sign up for 2 weeks on a yacht with a bunch of people that you've never met before.

Speaker D: Yeah, that's the barrier. And it's, it's because it's also, it's, it actually is interesting because of our sub-communities as well, like the trans community and those ones, like you know, they are people that are desperately looking for things to do where they will feel safe and welcoming. So this is, I think, quite a good way. But it's, it's an interesting thing. The two guys going off to Paris are on a Uniworld ship, and they're in the entry-level cabin, which is the classic balcony, and the, the, the window's this big at waterline. So, um, and so the beds will be that far apart, you know, type of thing, because that's the table between them. Um, and so I'm going to be very curious to see their feedback on that. Usually we've got a little bit more space, but in cruise ships particularly As you know, there's not a lot of space in the cabins, and so it is close quarters, which is why I think having these people communicate beforehand, get on a phone call, have a chat— some companies do offer this, but they— you don't know who you're sharing with until you're in the cabin, and the only criteria is whether you're a smoker or a non-smoker. And I just think that's— we can do much better than that, you know.

Speaker B: I agree with you.

Speaker D: Excellent.

Speaker A: Love it.

Speaker D: Oh yeah. And this is the thing is that we could then— I'm, I'm— what I am thinking is in the future you say, great, we're into it, we've got a Croatia trip, who's interested in coming on this? And we can actually then say, great, now Sarah, we actually want to book a cruise and we've got a bunch of solo travelers coming in that we've organized. So, you know, we can put product in front of them and drive them to a particular product then as well, I think.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Brilliant. Love it. Awesome.

Speaker D: Yeah, it's great. Cool. I'll come back to you for the grandfather test. Yeah, it was lit. I love ChatGPT. It said, yeah, you need to do the grandparent test and it's just like, what's that? You get 3 people over 60 to fill this in and see that it makes sense.

Speaker A: Like, oh, okay, that's a label. They can complete it and it all makes sense. I love it.

Speaker B: Very good.

Speaker A: Yeah, that is good and it's good. You, Because I think you both mentioned there's a need there and the fears. So part of your job, Adam, is helping people overcome those, those fears.

Speaker D: You know, we'll have more conversations on that in the next few weeks, I'm sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm sure we will. And that's all, all good. And maybe that's part of like the platform, how it does that, how it facilitates connection prior to the trip. So yeah, you know, so that's, um, that's great. You know, it's good. And that the good thing is there is, there are, it's, you need to know them so you can work out how to overcome them.

Speaker D: Well, seeing these two guys connect, and I knew one of them and I didn't know the other, and that's why I suggested the face-to-face meeting because it gave me a chance to catch up with the other guy. They just got on like a house on fire. And, you know, someone said, you'll know within 2 or 3 minutes if they're going to connect. And so we've got to put a feedback mechanism into this as well. Like after they've had their initial meeting, we need them to fill in the feedback form and say, 'Hey, this didn't quite work for me because of these reasons,' and that sort of thing. So that's like, it is a curated experience that we're going to be, or process. It's not just throwing them into the cabin together. We actually want them to be compatible. And so that's where I think there'll be a little, that's where some of the value of this comes into it as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, you might have a sequence that builds it out. It's like, hey, here's what's recommended next. You're going to book this trip, or you're going to get on Zoom where you have a chat if they're in different cities, and then they, you know, it prompts them to basically interview each other. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. Cool. Cool.

Speaker A: You build a relationship basically. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I, I, it's sounding good. There's obviously the, the tech behind it that could be probably infinite ways you could go, but I'd, I'd be, I'd be getting on Ontraport support first thing and saying, here's what I want. Is this possible? How, you know, what's the quickest next step for people to be able to build their own profiles, have a members area, you know, where I can log in and I can match, you know, match them up and so on.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Like this thing, ChatGPT gave me a whole bunch of stuff to look at, including like software potential solutions as well, which obviously haven't gone down. So there's, I've got research to do on the best way to do this. Yeah.

Speaker A: So yeah, it's one of these things where you can probably do it, yeah, like infinite different ways. So I'd be checking with Ontraport with the platform because the good thing with Ontraport, you're already a bit of a ninja at making pages and updating pages. And if you're learning more in the same platform, it's only going to benefit you for your future pages and products and things anyways, you know, like it's, well, that's, they're pushing, they're pushing very hard to be a WordPress replacement at the moment, as you probably have seen.

Speaker D: They've got a membership site. It's, I don't, I think the profiling and everything's gonna be easy. It's the database matching in the backend. All of that stuff. How that works is the bit I think is the, that's the, I think the secret sauce that we don't know yet.

Speaker A: Yeah. There's, there's a guy who I've used, Andrew Wadsworth. He's always in Facebook. User, Ontraport user community. If he's a, he's a really good one. He might, he'd be a good one to ask, is this possible and what? And then he'll, he'll suggest he's obviously, if he's someone that then you'd pay to do it, but I don't know, he might end up costing a fortune. But he's very good with integrating different platforms with Ontraport. I was also really good with Ontraport at doing stuff that I don't know anyone else who's sort of at that level. He's really good. He's based up around Mullumbimby near Byron Bay. Oh, okay. Oh, cool. Yeah. He's a cool guy. He's a very nice guy. He actually presented at last year's Experience for us up there as well. And he's, um, oh, cool. I've used him when I needed to like, hey, how do we do this? Or does anyone know, you know, when we wanted to set up just some tech stuff, like we wanted Apple Pay and Google Pay, how do we do that? Launch report, you know, and then he's like, hey, you want, you know, let's jump on Zoom right now quickly and you set it up in a couple of minutes. It's like, oh, that's how, you know, okay.

Speaker D: So yeah, there's a potential commercial partner through DNA Magazine that I'm already talking to about things and they're looking for more income streams for them as a publishing platform that's, you know, decreasing. So I may have the ability to bring some funding into it in partnership with them. But that may be phase 2 once we've got proof of concept.

Speaker A: Cool. Yeah, it's just awesome. And then you'll be able to exactly once it's built out a little bit, I think partnerships will be a good marketing approach for you, whether it's offering commissions or something, you know, for people to refer people in and, you know, a lot of opportunity.

Speaker D: That's the thing. It opens up a whole bunch of stuff that I haven't been able to do before, like affiliate referrals and stuff has been really challenging with what we do because of the margins and stuff. Whereas this is a very different beast. And what's on offer there too. So it's, there's a, the actual pricing and subscription models and all that stuff I realized is going to be quite a bit of thing to think through how we do it and that sort of thing. But I think that the technology challenge is the one I've got to sort out first.

Speaker A: And yeah, I think start with that so you can start to get a little bit of a rough, like, you know, kind of idea of the, how it can start to look is your first step. Starting rolling and then yeah, it can work on subscription and everything.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker D: Alright. Thank you. I'll keep you updated.

Speaker A: I'll probably be back every week. Sounds good. See you next week.

Speaker D: Awesome.

Speaker A: With the— Thank you. Nice work. And yeah, it's good work filling in the spare time you could have had due to no gay ski week.

Speaker D: I tell you, the stress of not worrying about the cash flow, like, how am I gonna afford to fund an event that's not making money?

Speaker A: Not having that this year has been quite different. And also, yeah, yeah. Oh, good on you. You know, that's good. Good, good. Cool. And if anyone else has any thoughts, let us know on that one. And that, well, that was our questions for today. So if anyone has any burning questions they want to throw in the air right now or anything that was kind of back of mind that you were considering sharing with Adam or with Sarah, let us know now. And otherwise, That will be a wrap on today. Silence. I think that's a wrap. What we'll do, let's, let's turn off my share and we can all come off mute and say happy Tuesday afternoon to everyone and thank you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all.

Speaker C: Yeah, bye for now.