Speaker A: So today we have a few questions which are, uh, Brendan, then Jen, you, then Adam, you, then Kayla, you, then Beth. Beth for sure won't be on, they're in the US and they're asleep. Um, they already let us know. Um, Brendan, not sure, but Brendan, I think might be relevant. He'll listen into the recording, I assume. And, um, it's on, um, doing Eventbrite ads. So, Jen, I think for sure that's relevant to you, um, potentially. Maybe not so much Kayla and Adam, um, unless you were going to do some form of online event, which I'm not aware of. Um, But let's, let's start with Jen, with you first. We'll do it that way and we'll roll through in case Brendan arrives. And then the way Brendan's question's been answered anyway is Francisca has done a video of filmed a screen explaining the process. So we'll come back and check in on that one. We can run through it later. And then if you, like Adam and Kayla, aren't interested, you can jump off at that point., but let's rock and roll with Jen. You, so you have an email sequence for your online event. Yep. Which you mentioned that Francisca's reviewed the kind of before session, like before session emails, the pre, pre-workshop emails. Is that right? And then, but not the ones Post-session, not the ones after. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Um, and you mentioned on the, the session, the show-up rate was low, right? I think you had 1 out of how many? 38 or something booked.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm getting about 30, 38 on the registrations. I only had 1 show up last time. Um, I have had a few show up before, but I think part of what it might be in talking to Francesca, is I think I'm promoting it too early. So we do the masterclass on the third, normally the third week of the month. This one, it's the second because of Christmas. Um, but we promote that this from the start. So I think people are probably registering and then, you know, 3 weeks later the webinar's on and they might have been, what the hell was this? Right. So, I mean, it's too late for this month, but when we hit January, I probably won't start promoting it till a bit later. Do you think?

Speaker A: Yeah, it, um, definitely the timing. Usually there's, it's like that 2-week period right before an online event where we kind of get often the most registrations and also the, the most likely to show up. It's like if we're running ads for like a one-off event, we might start with a low budget, say like 3 or 4 weeks before, just to start trickling in. And then from 2 weeks, we kind of ramp it up to, to, to fill it. So it's likely that that had an impact. However, there still should be some of the recent ones, more of the recent ones. Like the recent registrations should still should be showing up. Um, what was the— because it's really unusual, like 38 you said and 1 showed up.

Speaker B: Um, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: What was the— what was it like on the session before?

Speaker B: Was there— um, the session before I think was about 32 and had 3 show up or 4 show up. Right.

Speaker A: Still low.

Speaker B: Yeah. Because Francisca said I should be aiming for about 30% show up rate.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, you should be. Yeah. So you should be getting 10, you know, 10 people on these. What? So where are the bookings coming from?

Speaker B: Facebook ads.

Speaker A: And are they going to like a webpage, a landing page and booking in, or are they like, yeah, landing page, a landing page. They're not the on, on Facebook. No, no. So they click off Facebook, go to your landing page, book in on that page. Yes, correct. Well, that's good. Often those just reason I was exploring that is often those on Facebook They call them lead forms. You can get people to book in. You do get less attendance, but that's good. It's not that. So they're clicking to the page. What about, so in your, because then you've got these confirmation emails, is there anything that might be a disconnect? Like, as I read through, I checked these anyway. I know you've reviewed them with Francisca. They're like, prior to the session, and I know all the after-session ones are in here. But I was just looking, thinking, what could it be about this attendance? Like, do you think there could be any disconnect with what you say on the registration form and the ad, or like from the ad to the page where they register, and then these emails? Like, is it— if there's something— what I mean by disconnect, like if it says on the registration page, create your financial wealth plan, you know, 60-minute session, and then I come here and it says mindset shift and this stuff, I might go, oh, it's not what I want. Do you know what I mean?

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. I can review that.

Speaker A: I'm not sure off the top of my head, but try and check it's all aligned because if they've clicked the ad and then booked in, they're liking it and then something's happening between, between booking and showing up. Definitely check on that. There's other— there's tiny little— yeah, check on that because I'd like, without the, you know, there could be something like that potentially.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Okay. Something else I thought too is you could in, in these confirmation emails, you got like link coming soon. Is there a reason for that that you're not including the link? I know this is like potentially weeks.

Speaker B: I think originally, yeah, well, I think originally when we did it, first set these up, we hadn't set up all the Zooms ready.

Speaker A: Didn't have it.

Speaker B: Yeah, because there needs to be a new Zoom each time.

Speaker A: Yeah, because I'd like through the, the confirmation emails and then the link's still coming soon. I feel like if they just miss that 30-minute before one, then they don't get the link.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Good point. So like if I was booked in, I'd want to grab it, pop it in my calendar, put the link in there. Because maybe they're just missing this email.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. And then they never get the Zoom link. Also, while on that, you could— is there somewhere that already on? Maybe not, but even in these emails include like a calendar booking, what do you call it, like an ICS file, the calendar booking file with the Zoom link already in it.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: I don't know the, like, I have a workaround way that I do that. I don't know if you, like, basically if you invite yourself to the event, if you create an event, invite yourself in the email where you've invited yourself or invite a different email that you have, there'll be the ICS file attachment at the bottom. And then you can just basically take that file. You might have a better process or maybe whatever platform you're using automatically does it. But if to do it sort of manually, I do it that way. Invite myself to a different email, grab that ICS folder at the file at the bottom and then save it. And then I add it to the confirmation emails here. So just make sure that the file's already got the Zoom link in it, you know, and sorry, the calendar booking's already got the Zoom link, everything, then invite yourself, then grab that and then you can include that in these confirmation emails and just say, look, you know, even say add to calendar by clicking the file below, you know, to lock it in your calendar.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Um, um, let me just check my— yeah, they were the main things I noticed here. Um, oh yeah, just, just check on the disconnect. I was like reading through and I know it's, um, if it has, like in, in some of them it had the kind of, like the saying, like I'm, like I'm bad with money, I'm bad with money. I don't know, like just to, if that's not on the sales page and things like that, I probably wouldn't put it in here. Sometimes when you have this kind of, I know it's trying to give them a little kick up the butt and trying to resonate with what they think, but sometimes you do it like, a bit negative, they almost take offense to it, if you know what I mean. It's like us for a marketing workshop. If you say, you know, I'm terrible at business, before you say, you know, we know what you're thinking, you're terrible at business, and then, you know, you're thinking, get lost, but I'm probably doing better than you, you know, like, um, so just to be aware of that, um, and Yeah. And then if it's on the language, like, I know it's really on brand how you got words like, like, hey, hi, lovely, and all that. As long as that totally works for the brand. I was wondering, I know me being male, I was kind of like, okay, it doesn't really resonate. I know that's not, I'm not your market. But just does everyone like that kind of, Kayla, Kat, if you get a confirmation email and it says, hey, lovely, Yes or no, and just whatever first thought comes to mind.

Speaker E: Uh, depends on the context. Maybe when it comes to finances, maybe not.

Speaker A: Okay. I reckon, right? Yeah. You wanna see Jen as like a professional?

Speaker E: Yeah, I do.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker E: I wanna see her.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker E: It's a bit more professional. If it was an email from sort of, yeah, a different sort of marketing, like fashion or something like that, I'd or beauty.

Speaker A: But yeah, I wanna, I, right, that's cool.

Speaker E: You want something a bit more serious.

Speaker B: Okay, I can do that.

Speaker A: Thank you. Cool. And I think you've still got fun through the content. That was the only one that stood out to me was the lovely on the, quite a few. That was lovely. A quick check-in. Lovely. Just to be aware of, cause it might be the word you use it day in, day out and don't think about it, but for someone else, Looks like we've lost Kat there, but let me just check. Cool. That was it for the before, my review of the before emails, which you didn't want me to review.

Speaker B: Not review, but conscious of time. The more eyes, the better.

Speaker A: Yes. Cool. Oh yeah, and Christina. Sorry, Christina, I couldn't even see you there. You're sorry, I got too many on. That's cool. So Christina also had a comment on that, a little bit too familiar if you don't know me. Yeah, cool. Cat, about the tech question about the ICS, you could— that's a good time to ask it now while we're—

Speaker B: okay.

Speaker C: I use an Apple Calendar, and when I send meetings to some people, they don't get it. Now, some— lots of people do, but there are certain people who don't seem to receive my calendar invite. And I don't understand why. I've tried to figure it out, but I have no idea. And I've read things like if they use Microsoft, um, I don't know, Outlook or something, or whatever. I don't know, I'm being not the techie person that I am. I'm kind of, I'm kind of going like, why don't they get my invitations?

Speaker A: That is a weird one. I actually have no idea what that is, or if the— if it goes to their spam or something. I don't know.

Speaker F: I've heard this too. I'm a Mac user and I invite people, it's like with Zoom as well because that's built in, but I think sometimes the iCals that are generated within an app aren't being, like, it's like an email that's going but it's not quite an email. So sometimes I don't think they get it. I've been wondering whether I need to attach things like an iCal as an attachment in a message. As opposed to sending it out of a calendar or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's kind of what I'm suggesting that Jen could do, like attach it to a message.

Speaker C: How do you do that then?

Speaker A: Well, like, just kind of like I touched on before, if you create a calendar event and then you invite— this is my workaround, there's probably some smarter way to do it, but this is how if I wanted to do it quickly, I just like create an event in the calendar, like my workshop, name it the workshop date, whatever, and then I'd invite a different email I have. So I might invite my Christo Gmail email. My Christo Gmail will get an email saying you've been invited to this event, and at the bottom there'll be an attachment. I think it's ICS file.

Speaker C: Yeah, I've seen that.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So then that attachment is the file you can then— you save, you know, save to downloads, then attach to the confirmation emails to everyone. You can also, depending on the what system you use. Like, I use Mac as well. That's why I've never experienced it, that people don't get the, um, the calendar bookings. But we use Google, so like our calendars are powered by Google and then it runs on the Mac, you know, computer.

Speaker C: And yeah, see, I don't use Google. I use, um, I, you know, my email is a domain name, you know, email as such, and then it's the Apple Calendar that I'm using.

Speaker F: Yeah, I just looked at this on mine, and if I right mouse click on any calendar item, I can export it— I'm sorry, I can email the event, and that creates an email that actually has the ICS file in it. So that might be a workaround.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay, so email the event or invite yourself and then grab it, save it, and then you can sends it on to people.

Speaker F: Would ChatGPT create an ICS file for you?

Speaker A: Oh, I don't know about that. That'd be worth asking. I think it would if it has access to your calendar. If you've shared your calendar, it likely would. I've actually done it where I've been on a meeting and said, hey, book a follow-up meeting sometime on Friday with these 2 people I'm on a meeting with. I didn't even say who they were. And it, but it has access to my calendar and it did put a booking in. It invited them. Yeah, anyway, so there you go. So some, some, some things we can do. And just while we're on the, the after, after event emails, not a lot. I think they're great, like what you've done there. Couple of just couple of thoughts. The email one, could you include the— so there's a couple of different things, thoughts of chain of thought here for the promotional part where you're promoting this 50% off My Money Makeover course. Just when you mentioned that, I'd put the price. So I'd put 9, you know, 50% off my Money Makeover course, $4.90, you know, whatever the price is, let's just make it up for $4.97. And then I'd put in brackets usually, you know, $9.99 or whatever it is. Just so straight away, so you get a contrast sitting side by side. I'd pop that in there anywhere you mentioned that. Basically the, the price. Um, and then question about the counting down till midnight.

Speaker B: Yes, because apparently we can't do a 24 hours because whatever it was, so they just— whoever, wherever it gets locked or whatever, the video could only do it on a day, not on an hourly thing. Uh, So originally we were going to do it 24 hours from when the webinar finished, right? My offshorees— I shouldn't call them offshorees, but that's what I— my offshorees said, you can't do it, you can only a day. So we went to midnight the night, so they get a day and a half basically, right?

Speaker A: Um, because it's, it's, it's, it's a bit weird with me that like you got 12 hours remaining on the promotion, then you got 3 hours left, then you got 1 hour left, and then you got like, but that's midnight. So this is 11 PM at night.

Speaker B: It's telling me that. Yeah, I know. Because it was supposed to be like the webinar is, um, 1 o'clock. So it was supposed to be 2 o'clock.

Speaker A: Right. You surely can make it like 5 PM on a day or something. Like I'd move it to something like that.

Speaker F: Yeah, question: do— does the cutoff of the video actually need to be the cutoff of the video? Like, technically, can you just use the terminology you're using, like 24 hours, etc., but the actual— when the video disappears is actually not— it's in 2 days' time, for example?

Speaker B: Do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, so what we were trying to do there, just trying different things, we were trying to get people— because we were sending out the video or the recording, but they had forever to watch it. So I wanted them to try and force them to watch it in that first 24 hours.

Speaker F: Yeah, yes, what I'm saying is that still say what you're saying, but don't worry about when the video actually expires. Ignore that as a technical challenge and just focus your messaging. Give yourself some padding, whether that's 12 or 24 hours, but do your messaging around that. I don't know if that would compromise you if they go in there after 18 hours and still see it's there after you've told them it's expired. But it may solve you that problem.

Speaker B: I think what it might have been was the actual code for the discount, and if they get that for another 6 hours, who cares? Yeah, exactly.

Speaker F: Yeah, okay. It's messaging versus the technology actuality.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because, because I worry they're not even going to see these— the last 2 emails, they might— they're not even going to see them, right? If we're, you know, this is 9 to 9 o'clock at night. This one's 11 o'clock at night.

Speaker B: Sending that out like at the, you know, on the 24-hour thing. So yes, I do. Yeah, I get this now.

Speaker A: Yeah. So what Adam's saying, like, I, yeah, he's like, what if they just counted down till, I don't know, you say 48 hours it's open, but it closes at 5 PM 2 days later. And these emails instead are at, you know, at whatever. 2 PM in the afternoon because it's 3 hours before, 4 PM in the afternoon, and then work out the tech later. They might actually not get the recording, might still be live for whatever, an extra 6 hours or whatever. But like, you know, that's just the tech that happens behind. But this is to give them the nudge there and then.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I think it was the discount code, but again, if they still can access that at 11 o'clock that night, who cares?

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And what I thought too is while mentioning that is that actually the discount code might be better split out of this, like, because you kind of got two things. So it makes these emails pretty long. And so, you know, I might have watched the session, but you're sort of distracting me with the recording. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: When you, when you could be, you know, whereas I might have been live on the session and then it's a lot about the recording as well. So do you know what I mean? And vice versa. So I'd kind of maybe mention the, keep it combined and say the first one, maybe even the second one, but then potentially from then on it would just be, hey, the recording's live, you know, for another da da da. I don't have to keep nudging them so hard, or even that's it. The first 2 emails mentioned the recording is only up for 48 hours. And then add an extra day where the promotion's available, and then the last 2 emails are only about the promotion, the 50% off.

Speaker B: Okay. Yep.

Speaker A: I can do that. Yeah. Yeah, it would make more sense and it feels, it's almost like too aggressive if it's just to watch a recording. Do you know what I mean? If I'm, I might not have watched it at all and it's like I don't need so many.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. Good. Cool. And let me just check. I think that's— I think that was it. Yeah, I just mentioned on the side. Oh, you've replied. I didn't actually see that. Oh, that's not— oh, it's one of your offshore. You know what offshore is saying? In saying that's a cool— that's like a, in surfing, offshore wind is like Makes me think of beautiful conditions offshore. Oh yes. Alternatively, we could set 5 PM cutoff, but this is not right. Well, it might be a workaround or it might be a manual thing for the offshore is to like, hey, well, you got to get on there and just remove it at 5 PM. Yeah, that's it. Set a reminder and remove it at 5 PM. It's not like you're running 1,000 workshops all at the same time and need it fully automated. If they need to get on and Remove it.

Speaker F: Cool.

Speaker A: Cool, cool. I'm glad we found in that welcome series that Zoom link. I feel like that one's been a— is probably a bit of a— was a mistake there that was overlooked. So that's good that we found that. Well, you need— it's not even a mistake. It was just like, it's hard to see it when you're so close to things like that. And I think that could have been could have been a bit of an issue.

Speaker B: Yeah. And the next one down is exactly the same, but it's for people that didn't come. Ah, gotcha.

Speaker A: Adjust those as well. Yeah. So same, same thing. I guess that one's more about watch the recording. It's— oh, well, if these ones have attended, then the recording's kind of— do you even need the recording mentioned?

Speaker B: Oh, well, I tell them in the thing that they do get a copy of the recording if they want to go back over things.

Speaker A: Right. If these ones have all attended, I would only make email 1 mention the recording. Okay. Yeah. You see that with us when we send a recording. It's one email. Hey, your recording's up. Go check it. And I think, and that's enough if they've attended. Yeah.

Speaker B: Then the other, then the rest of the emails are all just about the discount.

Speaker A: Yeah, just about this. Sorry, that's email 1. Email 1. Yeah, just about the discount.

Speaker B: Exactly. And I think they get a gift or something. I think they get a download or something in the after ones. I'm not sure now. Yeah, yeah, that one there.

Speaker A: Oh, is it that one there?

Speaker B: Sorry. Yeah, email 9, they get the—

Speaker A: a workbook or something. Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So still, yeah, that would be gift, could be the gift and the discount.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Cool. Well done. Nice work. Cool. Cool. And now, do you have any, any other questions on that or that's clarified a few things?

Speaker B: Good.

Speaker A: Thank you. Awesome. You're welcome. Nice work. Cool. And, oh, Brandon, we can come to you now. Brandon, you, you're, you there? Brandon, let us know if you are there and live. Just didn't quite, you, you asked the question here about the basically Eventbrite ads. Um, Francisca has filmed us a video because she is the one that does them. So, um, I'll play the video and then I'll, I'll send you the link. It's probably the easiest thing too, cuz you're in a quiet place with your headphones. Um, I'll play it here for everyone because I think, you know, um, Jen, for, for you for sure, um, will be, uh, relevant. Let me just make sure my sound is shared.

Speaker G: I'm going to just play this video and we'll, um, all right, let me show you how you guys hear the sound ads in Eventbrite. Now normally one of our team members does this, so I'm going to wing it a little bit, but it's a really easy platform. The thing with it, it's also very cheap to get leads. The thing is that a lot of people who book on Eventbrite often don't show up, especially when they're free events. So the first thing obviously you need to do is just— if you— this is on our home screen, and here you can see different events that are coming up. There's one here. Then let's see, let's just do an ad for— let's see what we got here. I wanted to do one. I'm going to go to marketing And I'm going to find one I want to run an ad for. Let's say here, you can see on the dropdown, you can see the different events we've got coming up, so you will have your own. So I'm going to click on this one here, and I'll, let's say I'm going to run ads for this. No ads have been set up for this yet. We usually run ads about a week or so before only, so today is actually a week before, so that's perfect. Then you can see over here Eventbrite Ads. So I want to do a promotion on Eventbrite and I'll go to view your campaign and it opens Eventbrite Ads. Then I can go create new campaign. Let me just make sure that's right. Yes, create new campaign. Here under actions you can see duplicate campaign, edit campaign. Actually, it looks like— want to boost your campaign from the version right now. You know what? I'm just going to go create a new campaign so we can start from scratch. And again, as I mentioned, I'm kind of winging it because I haven't done one of these in ages, but it's very straightforward. Select the event. Yes, I'm going to do the one on Actually, let's do this. Let's do the Tuesday one because that's coming up sooner, and then we'll do some for the other one too. A masterclass, raise awareness, drive traffic, boost attendance. We've been doing the traffic one. We could probably try different options here. Okay, this is currently in beta mode, so I'm going to just do the drive traffic one. Budget will go from now, the 2nd of December, till the 9th. We'll do $15 Actually, let's do 25 a day. You can also do 15, of course. And then here you can choose the targeting. So we have it on Australia. You can also do locally, and then you can just put in Sydney, for example. Sydney, Melbourne. I can just pick the locations that I want. I might do Adelaide. Again, I could also just do— normally we just do nationwide, but I wanted to show you how to do if you wanted to pick specific areas depending on where your business is. Darwin. Let's do also Brisbane, and then I'll hit let's go Brisbane. And how much radius you can increase or decrease that. Because I would normally do nationwide, I'm just going to go all the way. So we've set the targeting here. It's just, it's just location targeting. No, no demographics other than the location. And that's it. Use the credit card here. Yep, that sounds good. The maximum ad spend will be $200, $25 a day. Review campaign. Drive traffic, daily spend $25. You can change that. Start-end date, yep, location here, and that's it. So it's the reason why it's so easy is because there is no psychographic targeting in here, and that's it. Now the campaign is launched. So hopefully this is super helpful. Definitely have a go and then just watch your conversions from people from Eventbrite because it generally converts worse than leads coming from Meta ads, from Facebook and Instagram. Cool.

Speaker B: Alright.

Speaker G: Let me show you how to do ads.

Speaker A: Cool. Well, it's, it looks like basically, oh, am I muted? Can you guys hear me? You can hear me. Cool. Oh, my little mic wasn't moving. It went to sleep. Now it's moving the little green. So, um, obviously this one good for Brendan, relevant for you and also for, um, Jen that you were just looking at your event. Um, what she meant at the end by the conversions are lower is she meant conversions to bigger. She didn't explain that conversions to bigger packages to bigger sales. So the, the bookings will be often kind of cheaper. Like lower cost to get people to the initial event, the promotional event, but then the conversions to say for us to like the clever bunch or something like that, it's lower. So we get, we do get less, but having said that, we do get conversions. It's just this bit of a bit more of a numbers game. And the good thing with targeting, if you keep it too broad, like I know some members in the past have kept it like globally and then they get really, really low cost bookings to their promo events, but the problem is then they get, you know, very low attendance and low quality. So it'd be like doing Google Ads and doing them globally and everyone books in India or something and it doesn't, you know, they're never going to convert for you. So keeping that in mind, generally for most of our, I don't know for you guys, Brendan, and also for you, Jen, like generally we'll find ourselves and also previous members doing online events, you kind of find it easier to get traction in Australia. And once we got it really worked out, we might then start to like, okay, now we'll add in New Zealand and then go for like similar, might be Canada or US, but it's always good to try and get the Australian working first. Even our, even other associates like US businesses that they think their market, the Australian market is awesome. They're like, I know I want to report about a third of their user base is actually in Australia. It's like quite crazy, you know, a lot of the US providers of online trainings and different things, they're like, the Australian market's great, they actually buy, whereas it's a bit harder in more competitive and more expensive in like US, for example. Yeah. Cool.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's pretty straightforward. Oh yeah. And the team do the clicking. So they do those ads, but I just sort of say, yeah, crank up the budget, turn it off now, and so on. Another good insight there she did share. It's like about a week out when we're running those ads. Yeah, cool. Anyone got any other questions on that? No. Cool, cool. Awesome. Alright, well, let us know if there are any follow-up questions when you know that might come in in regards to that for sure. All good and cool. Now we will jump to our next question then. Yeah, and I've shared that. So you got that there in the chat as well, but you've seen it now anyway. Brendan, good, cool. In the quiet place. Sign language. Cool. Now we're going to Brendan and Adam, we're coming to you.

Speaker F: All right, are you— can I record? Can I throw Fathom into this just to record this section?

Speaker A: Is that okay? Yeah, yeah, that's all right. Yeah, and then we just turn it off to remove it after the session.

Speaker F: I'm just playing with the desktop version, so I'm seeing if I can actually do it.

Speaker A: It'll work. Yeah, I don't know.

Speaker F: Oh, okay, now I need a URL.

Speaker A: Give it a go.

Speaker F: What's the URL of this call?

Speaker A: That's the question.

Speaker F: I don't know. Okay, no, that looks too hard. Love it when they make it harder than it needs to be. Open Fathom desktop and then it wants me to use a URL. Because I'm not the host or anything. Join meeting. Oh, here we go. I think I've got it.

Speaker A: This is a good one too for any perspective from everyone here to your question. It's a good one that sort of will relate to everyone here at some point in their journey.

Speaker F: It's in the waiting room, Christo, apparently, the note taker.

Speaker A: Got it. All good. Cool. So your question is basically about the viability of It's a big picture question. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of running Gay Ski Week or not, or skipping this year.

Speaker F: Yeah, I've had a few conversations around this, and it's really a question of my ability to build an event in an appropriate time frame to launch versus the challenges of running the event and the profitability around it. Like, at the end of the day, I've become— because of everything that's happened this year, I've become very risk-averse. I don't want to run an event that's not going to make me money. I'd rather be focused on things that can. But this is also a unique Australian event. I've been doing it for over, um, uh, over for, gosh, 15 seasons, um, and it would be nice to see it grow, but we never seem to have hit the tipping point on it, um, and COVID, of course, obviously disrupted things. Significantly. And it's a question now of whether we can do something with it that makes it work or whether I just have to pull it apart and do it in a different way. Because it costs me, and the cost is in— it costs between $20,000 and $30,000 to put on the event. There's a significant cost in accommodation because we have to pay for our own accommodation down there, which can be $8,000 to $12,000. It depends on the subsidy or the support we get from the host hotel. And then it's getting engagement from the various stakeholders down there. And that's getting the activities there. But then behind that is actually getting bums on seats and getting the numbers there. And we've never really cracked 100. We've been sitting at, you know, I've always said our break-even's about 50 people. And the last season we did, we had 25 paying guests in the packages. But we had another 50 or so people that bought event tickets down there. So it's been a struggle. And I'm reaching out to other, like, event promoters and that sort of thing to get other people to come on board, but we need more engagement and more stakeholders.

Speaker A: Yeah, gotcha. So, and then further to this, I read through all of this, basically then for everyone here, Adam's kind of thought, should we look at potentially doing, changing it, like, instead of running a whole week because there's a lot of costs and time and everything involved, should you try different, like a weekend, do it as a weekend so it's shorter, or split it into two weekends where there's sort of softer style and harder party style, um, or a hybrid. Um, what— so you've said 50s break even. Is it pretty much always been like that? Like it's almost like just covering costs? Like has it ever been like a real profitable year of it, or Not particularly.

Speaker F: There was when the event ran at Mount Hotham for many years before we moved it to Falls Creek, and there were a couple of years where we did well, but it was never knocking it out of the park. And it's something I'm very attached to, but the reality, the business reality is now starting to hit home much harder. And, you know, we get people— like, there's no other commercial event in Australia, but there is a community version of this at Parrishaw. And we have seen a competitor event at Threadbo that was more party-focused with the heaps gay crowd, but that was your young drinking crowd, or more to the point, drug-taking crowd that don't spend money. But it was never really sold as a package. It was, oh, we'll have some drag queens and some DJs, but you have to book everything yourself type of thing.

Speaker A: Right. Right. Yeah.

Speaker F: We just, whereas we're completely, you know, what's the word? Turnkey solution. Everything's there. All inclusive package makes it easy, which people appreciate, but we just, the numbers aren't coming through.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. It's not like it, cause then you've mentioned with, so challenges at the moment, you're behind with setup promotion. Everything should have been done basically.

Speaker F: Already, ideally? Yeah, yeah. And this is the challenge, it's like, it's now December, I really should be having things going to printers ready for us to hit the ground running on the other side of New Year's Eve because we have a key promotion event in Melbourne in mid-January and then Mardi Gras mid-February, which means we need to have it built and ready to go on sale by those dates. And I haven't started stakeholder engagement, I haven't started securing, you know, rates, etc., and all of that stuff. And indeed building, you know, building then the marketing campaign around it to launch, et cetera. Yeah. Yeah. And it takes about, it takes 20 to 40 hours to physically build the packages and WooCommerce and update the website and all of that stuff, all of that mechanical stuff. But you need all the pricing and everything secured to do that.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's like my initial thinking is it's, if it's only been covering costs, unless there's some real opportunity with it like this year, like there's some alliance partner that could make it go crazy. Um, my initial inkling is I don't think it's probably going to be worth your while. That— does it help? Does this event help sell something else? Like, does this event help fill the New Year's parties or anything like that?

Speaker F: That, that's the question. I can see Brendan saying the same thing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker F: Um, there was a thought that we've built up a ski list of— so there's 300 or 400 people that have come to the event over the 15 years. Um, the test with this was when we launched the Frosty Fruits ski trip, you may remember the name, to Japan, which was a sort of hosted experience at Club Med. Now we've only had half a dozen people book in for that, to the point that the resort actually sold out before I even had a chance to book. So it's now an unescorted event that's happening at Club Med. But that was sort of the test to see, could we attract, could we move people from the mailing list of interest of skiing to a gay ski event in another country, i.e., Japan? And it didn't really track. There's only one person that's previously skied with us that's actually booked in. The rest were actually newbies through social media, etc. So, it hasn't translated.

Speaker A: Do you think it like just like if it— and I guess if there's not anything obvious coming to mind, then probably not. But if like it just helps sell the other, any other events, it might be one in 3 months, you know, it's like a loyal crowd that tends to do that. Gay Ski Week tend to show up at?

Speaker F: There are certainly some advocates within that segment of the list and do support other things, and they've come to New Year's Eve and that sort of thing, but that's a benefit of actually being on our database and being an alumni and getting a cheaper ticket to an event. But it's not a particular it's not driving them in a particular, in a particular way, I don't think, or to a particular, you know, category or anything. Yeah, yeah. There is, there is one discussion point that's come up because, um, there's a, there's an event, Gay Ski Week Hakuba, is run in Japan, ironically, a couple of weeks before when we were going. Um, and they're, they, it's basically a lodge owner that does it, so it's all in-house. So there's sort of You know, they don't have to worry about accommodation costs because they're already there. The people come and stay in the lodge, they create the activities around it. It's very— let's say it's very, a very 3-star experience, but it's a lot of fun. And it's, you know, they do dildo racing races, for example, and this sort of thing, you know. And they go out and they do group skiing, and then they'll do some activities and stuff. And there is a thought about, you know, People are interested in perhaps running something similar at Falls Creek, but I don't know solutions there. It's a case of perhaps we step back from trying to do the activities and we focus on the accommodation and try to get the resort businesses to buy in more to actually deliver events more than relying on us. Doesn't solve our accommodation cost problem, but it does change, you know, we're focusing more on the accommodation and we can get some commission for that and then let things happen a bit more organically but lean into the local businesses. That requires stakeholder engagement conversations with the resort and the businesses there, but that may require— that may have to happen during season when they're actually at the resort, which again comes back to the point about we probably can't do it this year because we need to have conversations with them about it.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker F: Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, yeah, I'm just trying to get perspective, you know, I'm gonna, this is the point of this is to get perspective on it, you know?

Speaker A: Yeah. If I'd like, I'd based on what I'm hearing and also the fact you've got your New Year's, you mentioned on Genius Bunch meeting the other day, like your New Year's party's like 50% of the whole business's revenue. You're promoting that already. Like maybe putting focus into something like that would be, you know what I mean, and freeing you up, you know, overly stressed. Because right now your December New Year's is in 3 and a half weeks, um, or 4 weeks. Well, you know, when do you start partying?

Speaker F: You might— don't freak me out any more than I am already.

Speaker A: The 2nd of December already. You know, the, um, so that's probably should be your focus right now. Yeah. Um, like unless I was seeing opportunity on this or it was like, yeah, 3 out of 5 years it was really profitable or whatever, you know, or there's some partner we can line it up with or a really, um, like if you did want to go, like, I don't mind the idea of like a 2-day, that would be, I mean, sorry, a weekend, how you had that. That option, like a simplified— and then I think Brendan's sort of asking the same thing— a less involved solution like the young person's one that you can run basically for lead gen more than anything. I think if it worked at the lead gen or it just worked for you as if it could make money that way, like if it was just a simple way that you could potentially do it as a weekend, you know, a weekend event with less involvement, less time. You're still going to be like under the pump right now to get it done, obviously, as you've mentioned, um, because you'd need to get it done for those two promotional events coming up.

Speaker F: But this is the thing, is that I could say I don't have time to do it right now, I will look at this in January, and that just means that we have to do the event differently next year, there is a risk about, will— do we have enough lead time for people and that sort of thing? But by doing a smaller event, it's less cost, etc., and that sort of thing too, which may make it more palatable, uh, to the general— the more broader. Yeah, I don't know, Brendan.

Speaker D: You—

Speaker F: I think it's on their website.

Speaker A: I don't think we can do Brendan directly or something.

Speaker F: Yeah, he wants to— he wants to see the dildo racing.

Speaker A: I didn't want to ask too much detail, but in my mind I was like, how do you race dildos? Like, is it— are they wearing them? Do they slide them?

Speaker F: It's on— it's there. It's like, you know, it's like racing any animal, you know, you put them in a run and off they go.

Speaker A: They're like, they slide them down the snow. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker F: But that's what I'm saying, that's the— like, that's, that's the sort of the caliber of what they're working at. And like, that's not us. We're a little bit more sophisticated than that.

Speaker A: Gotcha. All right. Yeah, you can tell we're all sophisticated, but now we all know, now that Brendan mentioned it. Yeah, I want to see that too, actually. No, yeah, my thinking is if it's like, it sounds like for you it's a lot of work and you don't make money from it anyway. Maybe there's something you've been doing.

Speaker F: That is the heart of it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Like as a business, from a business perspective, it does sound like it doesn't add up. It might be a love passion project that you love doing and that can be okay if you want to do it that way. But maybe from a business perspective, it's not really the smartest thing to do right now, especially I wouldn't even be wanting to think about it too much right now with New Year's coming up.

Speaker F: Yeah. And I've got to launch, I'm about to launch Princeton Palaces and that's, you know, there's some hours work involved in that and that will, that will make money and generate income. So that takes priority, you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's right. Focus on these things first right now. Yeah. And then, and then if it is that you park it right now and go, hey, look, we potentially revisit, set a reminder for January, Feb, whatever, and go, okay, is there a stripped back version I could do where it's like stripped back as in your time and money and so on involvement? Is there a version that you could do which is just a couple of days and it makes you know, could make money. If it's not gonna make money, I, I probably wouldn't be. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker F: Yeah. Yeah. And we may just be able to, if we do a reduced format this year, but also use that as an opportunity to get other stakeholders or potential partners there during the short weekend and then look at, get their buy-in much to engage much more for the following year. That could be a way. Cause the problem is you need to actually get people to the resort. You need people to see what's going on and what they can do there and look at venues and that sort of thing. And that could be the opportunity this year is to use it as a way of doing that.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's right. And you might even find that people actually like the shorter version. It's easier to make a decision on. It's yes or no, I come for the weekend or I don't. Yeah, midweek weekend. So I think Yeah, my thing would be park it for now, revisit in the new year once you've got new year sorted and your Prince and, um, Palace's tours locked and loaded because that one, as you said, makes money. That's a unique offering. I think that one's an epic offering because like you've got exclusivity to the Prince, like absolutely, um, which is awesome. So that one's a one that you should be almost be promoting more as well and trying to Trying to let the world know that it's booked out when it's booked out, it's sold out, you know, and then just try and make that so exclusive that that one's a really good one.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, cool. This is one randomly. I think it was when I woke up this morning. It was like, you know, when we spoke about your New Year's party, if they book a certain amount, you know, like book 5 and do a follow-up. So if they've booked in, give them a week or two, then hit them again with like, hey, promotion, get an extra 2 at your table or whatever. Try and get to 5 bookings, we'll give you a bottle of Moët or whatever it is. Do you also have levels of tables? I just thought it could be an extra income earner if there's like book a platinum table or whatever, you know, or like which, which includes some extras or better view or something like that.

Speaker F: Yeah, it's, it, this is the first year we've always only had a general admission ticket. So everyone gets the same thing this year for the first time we have the supper club, which is the sit down dinner. So, and that's actually sold out. So I can't even actually upgrade people now because it's that, that 60 tickets has sold out. So it's, it's, it's more about if they book and, you know, if they book more, it's, it's giving them either a, as you're saying, a bottle of wine or something there. I mean, the drink, it's a drink, like it's all-inclusive food and beverage anyway. So it's more like we'd give you a cocktail, a special cocktail or Yeah, which is not standard.

Speaker A: So that sort of thing, who knows, better cups. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like somehow something, you know, people like that. They get a little scarf or something. Yeah, who knows, something or something that symbolizes New Year's. They get the sunglasses with the year on it.

Speaker F: Who knows, something, you know, there could be a, um, well, we've got our partnership with DNA Magazine, so we could say we'll give you a free year subscription or something, you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, year subscription, surprise gift on the, on the table, Brendan. Yeah, yeah, suggestion there. He's popped in the chat.

Speaker F: Different event, Brendan, different event. Alright. Yeah.

Speaker A: No, thank you.

Speaker F: You're welcome. I'm ending the, ending the notebook.

Speaker A: There we go. Yeah. Cool. I hope that's clarified things for you.

Speaker F: And good. Yeah, no, it's about getting— I've just gotta get perspective on it. Yeah.

Speaker A: Thank you. Yeah. Awesome. Nice work. Great stuff. And as always, feel free to tweak and change or come back if you're suddenly second-guessing yourself, wondering if it's the right thing or not. Bring it back. All good. No worries at all. Great work. Now, Kayla, we'll come to you next.

Speaker E: So, hello, Kayla. Hi, Matt's floating in and out of the office as well, so you might hear him. You'll hear him before you see him.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, probably not bad if he is there. Is he there? You could yell out to him to get coming while we discuss.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: All right, I'm going to get on the online with Christo.

Speaker A: All right, Chris, everyone. Hey, Matt. Hey, hey, guys. Hello, hello, hello, hello. Oh, there you are in focus now.

Speaker D: G'day. Probably don't want it in focus.

Speaker A: G'day, g'day, everybody. A lot of salt and sun, it's just been across the beach. Breathe, cut. Yeah, Reef Cuts. So you guys are working on a— so I got Kayla's email and you're working on a new website for the Manly Surf School. And a couple of questions Kayla's sent through in regards to the layout, like basically the layout of the homepage here. And what do we think? So I've gone through some feedback and for everyone here on the session too, everyone else, It's good if you have an opinion as well. So if you do, just look at it. There's no right or wrong or good or bad. Just anything that comes to mind. Like always when we review a website, we want to know in the first couple of seconds, what do you think they do? And where do your eyes go? Like, you know, what's, what, what gets your eye? Like, where do your eyes go? And then we can, there's no right or wrong or good or bad on that. Just want to kind of know. And then you might have any feedback, like obviously anything you like or don't like. So while everyone has a think, feel free to post in the chat too, any thoughts. So like, what do you think they do? Where do your eyes go? Anything you like?

Speaker E: Is this site live?

Speaker A: Not yet. No, in development.

Speaker D: Cool. Yeah, we like tweaking it every few days. Yeah. Yeah, we're sort of looking at it. Kayla's giving me feedback, I'm getting feedback. Um, yeah, there's a few things we still need to change, but even this tube here, like you can see the barrel, we want to try and get more of the wave. See how we can still get more of the wave? Um, yeah, just the way it came out when he, when he loaded it, you can't see the top of the wave. You know, give you more of a story, I think, if you can see the whole wave. But that's our office people, um, at Manly Beach. Christo used to work with me there actually, in that— here in this little room and down there on the beach. So that's where we teach our lessons. That's why we've got that wave there. Um, tell us if it's good or bad, but, um, I just thought of kind of trying to get like an artistic point of view too with the school and trying to make it not so— oh, like you always see people, shots of surf schools of people on waves and You know, we're trying to get that experience, like, I want to be in that barrel kind of thing, or I want to be in the ocean. I actually want that, want to get that vibe, you know. I love how was that day, that day, you know, that kind of feel. That's where we're coming from. And obviously we're selling on our products, but yeah, cool. There's our location. So we did some drone shots there. So the Manly Beach color, um, long reef, and you can flick across. And you'll see the gym.

Speaker E: And actually, it's not Palm Beach in there.

Speaker D: No, he hasn't. Yeah, so that's another one he hasn't done. Um, we're trying to do— we're going to have the main ones at the front. We're going to have Manly first, so he hasn't fixed that yet. Then we're going to do Palm Beach second, and then Longreach third, and then Colorado fourth, and then the gym.

Speaker A: Cool. Yeah, so what Maybe I'll start at the top, a couple of thoughts. And while anyone else might want to post in the chat. So first things, Kayla, you asked when it comes to like kids and adults lessons, is it better to have these options side by side instead of scrolling down? So when I land on the site, your most valuable real estate is what we can see right here before we scroll. So this is the like above the fold. Real estate of a website called above the fold because it's like the stack of newspapers in the newsagent when we used to go to a newsagent and there was newspapers, the most expensive real estate to advertise and most valuable part of the newspaper is that above the fold. So anything you got here will be seen by majority of your, your viewers. And when we scroll down, probably by about here, you'll find if you ran a heat map, you, you actually already lose like quite a lot.

Speaker E: Yeah, that's, yeah, that's what I was worried about.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you might be down to kind of like 80% by the time you even get here or like, you know, 60% even. So what I'd suggest with this, because this, this kind of like we call this like a hero image, this big image is so large, it takes up a lot of real estate. I'd actually want to put, maybe put even over the top of it, but something so we can see here, like maybe a button here and I know it's going to scroll. Image, but something like a button that says kids lessons and one that says adults lessons. Yeah, good idea. It's kind of what you got to—

Speaker D: yeah, that's what's going to sell.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. You want to get people to the pathway with least resistance as possible towards a sale. So like the whole point of a website is to get new— like past customers will come back and rebook, but they just go back to bookings page or they just whatever they do, get it, you know. Whereas new customers, the website's really for them, especially a homepage. And we want to lead them to a sale with like zero friction. So if I land here, I don't know, say I, oh, it's just kids. People are so bloody fickle. I might get to here and I don't think it even does adults. Do you know what I mean? I had a look at the site and you're like, but we got everything on there and you look at people just don't.. So we want to make it really obvious. So whether it, however the designer will work it out so it doesn't completely ruin the image. But the most important, maybe the image could be reduced. Does it need to be so big or potentially?

Speaker D: No, it doesn't have to be that big.

Speaker A: Yeah, it could be reduced and then it might be more white space below where you could have, you know, visible without scrolling. There could be, you know, kids and adults. Because you could basically take like—

Speaker D: well, you could even have— yeah, we had that other shot too with the tube with the guy, um, Chopu, from behind. Even down here, that could even— I always had that idea at the top. That could be there, just one line, small. I'm not sure. What do you think?

Speaker A: Was that too advanced? Yeah, it's quite advanced. Hey mate, I almost get confused.

Speaker D: Yeah, what's that? Yeah, we already served. But yeah, see the top here? We've got kids, adults, locations. Do you reckon that could be— he's trying to do it too clean. Do you think it's too small, this little Which one? The black right at the top, the banner at the top.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, it is pretty small. I can maybe enlarge that slightly bigger, um, navigation text up there.

Speaker D: Yeah. And then just put the everything you want to sell, your main sellers, right? Which is kids and adults group lessons, which makes the most money. Yeah. On this bit here.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker F: Cool.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's like when you land on, um, you kind of got this balancing act with a website where you, like you said, you want this beautiful feel. And designers always want to design the best design, but if you consider the most successful website on the planet is Amazon. Amazon is the most shit design. And even Temu or whatever.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's like the shittiest.

Speaker A: But they sell. Yeah. Easiest to navigate. They're like most simple to purchase. They're really just you more user-friendly, right? Like, but they're, they're not really designed well at all. They're like horrible to look at. We don't want to— you want it— you got a brand more than them that you want to give people a feel because people do come back for a brand and they kind of like build a relationship with a brand, which is part of the nice design. But you kind of want to balance where it's not too—

Speaker E: so what about, you know, we were talking about kids and adults, you see where it says surf lessons for everybody and it's got that little book a group or private lesson underneath. You put a tab that says our surf lessons. Should we not have kids or adults there perhaps?

Speaker A: Yeah, you could do it. You could do it there. Play with the design. Just want it like super obvious. So if I land here, like I was almost thinking even if you just—

Speaker D: yeah, you can even put the main ones just like where the barrel is even like. Yeah, you can just have a big button here of an adult surfing and a big button of a kid surfing.

Speaker A: Yeah, like take this Okay. Yeah. Increase the text size on that kids group lessons and adults group lessons.

Speaker D: Adult one. There's two there.

Speaker A: Yeah. That'd be cool. Two icons side by side that like, I don't know, say if the image was even, I don't know if it'll work with this image, but let's say the image was that this size now, then an option is you could have like kids group lessons, adult group lessons sitting right below. And then that video and that text would be pushed, just pushed down. But basically you don't want to be scrolling to see it.

Speaker D: You just want to be straight in there.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's like the journey to a sale is what we're looking to do.

Speaker F: What does that ask surf lessons button actually do anything now?

Speaker D: Good question. It should just take you straight into these ones.

Speaker F: Yeah, it should go straight through, jumps down because that's the thing you've got that there's a button there if you swap that out for the other stuff that you're grabbing some real estate back.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can remove that if you add the two here.

Speaker F: The ADHD person in me goes, why is Australia on its own line?

Speaker A: Like, that's an orphan.

Speaker F: Interesting. The layout part of it is like, no, that shouldn't wrap.

Speaker A: There you go. Okay, iPad, it's fine. On a mobile, it'll be on its own. And a larger desktop, it's, uh, oh, that's probably your standard laptop. I'm on a massive monitor. It's funny, it actually spits it onto a new line. It does, yeah, like a huge, um, but, um, yeah, it looks like it's just— no, good point.

Speaker D: Yeah, um, and then Yeah, that's what we want. We saw one of the comments there. Yeah, we want to get more wide at the top so you can have that. You'll see the top of the wave.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: And then maybe we can just slide in those buttons there and that'll look cool. It'll just overlay that and that's what bang bang, that's what people are gonna go straight to. Yeah. Yeah. We're trying to be too cool for school, I think.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think, think so. Yeah. Cause even, well, the image is awesome, but maybe if that image then doesn't work, try an image which shows. Yeah. We'll play around. Yeah, surfing or learning to surf. Yeah, when I did get to this one, I thought, you know what, an image here might actually— I know that image is sick and that's like the dream for us as good surfers, but the, um, I was thinking almost it would be maybe even better to have more like a photo of like a couple of team members or the team, or, you know, two team members with a softboard or someone teaching. Yeah, all group. Um, because you don't want to sort of dehumanize it too much. Like, you want it like, like this kind of photo is so good.

Speaker D: Yeah, dude, I haven't had fun.

Speaker A: Yeah, you don't want it looking like stock image sort of stuff too much. Yeah, got you. This, this here, do you need this on?

Speaker D: I was wondering. No, we don't need it. He just threw that in there, but I probably don't need it though.

Speaker A: It's like a waste, almost a waste of space in real estate. I'd get rid of that. 'Cause your logo's there, like you got the branding and logo there. I'd remove that. Yeah. Homepage for sure. 'Cause this is good. You get one and then get rid of that and pull these up. Yeah, pull them up 'cause these are the reviews with the stars. Like these graphics are awesome. And then the actual reviews themselves down here, I'd probably actually switch that up to put these reviews above Instagram. Yeah.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: Actually, I'd even put them above the Surfers Network. Yeah. Oh, for sure. Yeah. So get rid of this, the Manly Surf School. Yeah.

Speaker D: Can even get rid of the Good Barrel. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Even the gift voucher one, we could do a better photo for that.

Speaker A: Yeah. The gift vouchers is good to lead to sales, I guess.

Speaker D: Not too well, that.

Speaker F: I do pretty well. Just from a layout point of view, the page, it's of course, it's now shrunk with what Christo's done, but it looks like your containers for the lessons and stuff are quite wide on the page. But then when you get to— so it's spreading out across the page quite a lot. But then when you get to that section with your numbers, that brings it in quite narrow. And so that's really quite narrow compared to the rest of the page. Yeah. You might be able to get spread that out and get more real estate back that way too.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cheers for sure.

Speaker D: Cool.

Speaker F: Because if that rewraps depending on the size of your page, then that shouldn't make any difference.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. This, see my, um, to the, like what we're always kind of looking for is your main things is like get people towards a sale just so when you are going through the The feedback.

Speaker D: You don't have to go through all the stuff. You just bang, you want to hit it.

Speaker A: Yeah, hit them with the sale, move them towards— it's like we go on an e-commerce one and it says our most popular products and they got like, you know, 3 things at the top of the page and they're the most best sellers and then you can go and look for everything else like on the side if you want something else. And then it's good to have a bit of an intro sort of content like what you got here. And then after the products, you kind of want to get into testimonials. So that's why, like, basically up from here, this monster would go. It's like your most important things, like get them sales, a little bit of an intro, and then here's proof, like testimonial.

Speaker D: And probably even at the top page too, like the service compass is to say online training.

Speaker A: Bang, you know? Oh yeah, you could up here in the navigation. Yeah, for sure. Um, even up there too, like depending on how they're going to do that. There should be gift vouchers up here because at the moment it looks like the only place I can see gift vouchers is halfway down the page.

Speaker E: Yeah, you know what Christmas is like as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, and I'd never scroll like, yeah, nowhere to look. It is up there, but that's so tiny. Yeah, see right at the top.

Speaker B: Oh God.

Speaker F: Yeah, so you've got two, you've got two header menus.

Speaker A: Yeah, and that one's like invisible. It almost looks like footnotes or something. Do you know what I mean? It's way too small.

Speaker F: What do the menus look like, Christo, when it's in mobile mode?

Speaker A: Oh, they disappear. Okay. Pretty standard, but those are the very, very top ones have gone. Yeah, so that's interesting. You need to have vouchers as a main menu or as at least a dropdown off like kids lessons or adult lessons. Something like that. Because you got to know, and people aren't— if I come here and I'm like, where the hell do I get a gift voucher? Adult lessons, I want an adult gift voucher.

Speaker E: Not there. So they can't decide.

Speaker A: Here's a gift voucher option. Yeah. Yeah, like, yeah, exactly. Like sitting here, adult private lessons, women's, whatever, gift voucher, something like that. Um, cool. Yeah, that was it for me.

Speaker D: Um, and then here we just did a new, um, video on the top there. Pretty cool. Goes through the history, like with 30 years old and— oh, cool— how to get there, how to get, you know, get off the ferry and walk. And we've got a drone shot, and then we've got footage of each beach.

Speaker F: Yeah, I have to ask, what's the use of the word stoke? Is that a particular surfing—

Speaker D: Yeah, stoked's like you're really happy or enthusiastic. Oh, you're like, you're stoked.

Speaker F: You're stoked.

Speaker D: Yeah, stoked came from— yeah, surfers actually. The word stoked came from us weirdos. Um, you can call ourselves weirdos, good weirdos. Um, yes, it's funny how words from surfing, like, oh, this is— I'm so stoked, you know. This is— so we're like sharing the stoke. Yeah, trying to put a bit of a spin.

Speaker F: I love it. Is that in your FAQs?

Speaker A: What does Stoke mean?

Speaker D: Oh, that's another question. We actually, yeah, used to have actually what actually used to have like what is Stoke actually in the old, old, old website.

Speaker E: Yeah, people like, what's that? Nice. Um, actually speaking of FAQs, we were considering putting in an AI chatbot. So like answer frequently asked questions. You know how difficult it is to sort of filter people into the right lesson at the right time. Yeah. You know, making sure that we don't have a 5-year-old at a high tide lesson, things like that.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. You could, like, it'd be a great idea if you want to do it. Yeah. AI chatbot would be smart, you know, find the right lesson for you, answer these questions, and it just leads them to the right.

Speaker E: Yeah, that's like, you know, tides and Yeah.

Speaker A: I wonder if it would pull in the tide somehow.

Speaker F: Yeah, that's always a, it's a link to weather.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah, probably, probably should be able to. Yeah, that would be cool. That would be cool. Like find the right lesson for you and, you know, basically have a chatbot that will navigate to that. It's also a good idea just having frequent, frequently asked questions Sorry, somewhere like about— oh yeah, you got that one there.

Speaker E: But, but you know, as you— as we well know, people don't read the—

Speaker A: we've—

Speaker E: we always put the tide charts out there. We'll say, you know, book into low tide, but it's—

Speaker A: yeah, often skipped. Yeah, of course. That's why the chatbot would work better, wouldn't it, to the, um, if you did do it that way, find the right lesson for you. Yeah, yeah, cool. Oh yeah, and you got this here. This is good. Feel free to make changes and, you know, resubmit. You can resubmit week after week till, you know, you get things right, because you might make changes and then it doesn't sit quite right with you or something. It's always good to get multiple eyes looking over things.

Speaker E: Yeah, no, it's great.

Speaker D: Thank you for that.

Speaker A: Thanks, guys. No worries. Well done. Nice work. Yeah, and feel free to make changes and resubmit. And Adam had to dash, I think. And then I've just got one last question I'm going to review for today, which was for Beth, who's in the US, and she said she couldn't make it. So Beth, this is for recording a LinkedIn profile. So you guys, if you want to bail, you're all good to go because Beth will review this one as a recording on the member site. Okay, thanks. Well done. So Beth got your LinkedIn banner designs and well done. This is looking good. So nice brand, well branded and looking great. The couple of thoughts on these, so a few different design mockups. That you have here. Now, my thoughts are some of these designs. Yeah, I like— main thing is it's on brand for you, branded well, and the headline obviously changing the way mission-driven organizations hire. If it's on brand and, you know, gets the message across clearly, for me. This one's kind of like a bit mysterious, a bit tech. This one's a bit dark and gloomy. I don't mind this one if, but this one suggests to me, I guess, because of so much AI right now, if you are wanting to kind of highlight a little bit of feel of AI. So the fact that you're using AI, which could be good. And you're obviously changing the way mission-driven organizations hire, and it's sort of showing like potentially use of AI as well. That's what that one does for me. The rest I wasn't so keen on, except for this one is actually my favorite in terms of brand. So it's the most clean, obviously, and on brand. The other ones, yeah, just a lot of the, the, the kind of images are like that image, a bit dark. That one's a little bit stocky, and I don't know if it necessarily says what you do to me. So this one's my favorite. And then unless you want to kind of like feature more an AI feel, then this one's all good here. One other just thought on those as well is if you did want to add just like a, like one line here, maybe in italics in quote marks, that says something like, like a snippet from a review. So it could just be as short as something like, let's just say if it said amazing, an amazing team to work with, you know, in quotes, italics, just something like that. So people when they see it's like, oh cool, you know, like a little snippet from a review. You don't even need to kind of like openly say who it's from. I know it doesn't look as trustworthy when it doesn't have that, but it's okay. Just in a design like this, you don't want to put too much anyway. But it could be just a little, little snippet from a, like a review or testimonial or something. Just a little few words would be awesome to add a little bit of credibility, a little bit of trust there as well. And yeah, otherwise this one's great. You might, if it, if adding that line in makes it feel a little busy, you might need to just reduce the size of these a little bit.

Speaker D: Cool.

Speaker A: And that's my feedback for you. Well done putting it into action most of all because we reviewed your LinkedIn and the banner was part of the review and the feedback and here you are making it happen. So well done to you. Feel free once again to make changes and resubmit so we can keep things moving or if you're not sure on anything and want feedback quicker, you know, feel free to make the changes or whatever and post them in our member site, just post it in the community chat area. And you can welcome to tag me in, in the question and I'll, I'll see it and give you feedback quicker. I'll just give you a yes or a no if I, if I'm happy at that point. Thank you. And I'll see you on the next advisory board. Hopefully if it's not the middle of the night for you. And that is a wrap on advisory board today. So well done to everybody that submitted questions and thank you all very much. Bye for now.