Speaker A: Cool.

Speaker B: Well, welcome to this week's advisory board, and we have been sent through a bunch of questions which I'll roll through in the sequence. For anyone new, Catherine, first time advisory board, basically there's no agenda. So the agenda is sent through by you, anything you'd like feedback on, anyone would like feedback on. You can email things through to support@basicbananas.com. Heidi will view them for us to review prior to the session. And it can be anything, could be really specific marketing. Like you could say, could you look at my, I don't know, my title on my LinkedIn profile word for word, or, you know, my opt-in on my website or the about us text on the page. Or it could be sort of brainstorm. Hey, I just want to get some ideas to, you know, can we discuss something or other? And that's all good too. So it can be really specific or kind of brainstorming. And also always feel free to just show up and throw something in the chat. If it's, if it's obviously something that we need time to review, like it's, you know, a homepage or a website or something like that, then best to send it at least a day prior. So we have time to review. And, and on these sessions for everyone, more brains, many brains are always better than one or two. We've all got a lot of awesome experience. Everyone here is, you know, involved in business or businesses and have unique experience. So keeping in mind as we roll through the session, there's no right or wrong or good or bad or any judgment on anything that anyone shares. If you have an idea, just throw it in the mix. You know, we all understand it's good to get perspective from people sometimes who actually aren't marketers because they might fit the profile of your customers even more. And yeah, and there's no judgment on anything, especially from yourself. If you think I've got an idea, I won't share it because it's silly or whatever, like there's no right or wrong, good or bad, just throw it in the mix. Sometimes it's like a silly idea leads to a really good idea. Who knows? And you can do so by just clicking off mute on these sessions, just jump in or type in the chat. All good as well. So we have received the questions in this sequence today. Paul, you are first up with your website you have made, and then Jodie, onto you, then Emma, and then Fran to you. Fran, I think, has just rolled in as well. Yep. Hey, Fran.

Speaker C: Good day.

Speaker D: Good day.

Speaker B: So we're gonna start with you, Paul. You have created, you've been busy. You've created a website for yourself.

Speaker C: Yeah. Well, I was talking with Francisca and as you know, I think I've been struggling with what am I actually applying CleverBunch to. I knew I needed to get better at marketing, but I've been wondering what to apply it to because I've got my own not-for-profit. Which is doing fine. But then I realized, so what I really want to apply it to is my own personal branding and the development of a book. So this is in support of a book. And she said, oh, you better, you don't have a website. And I was like, oh, good point. So this is just one page that I put together in about an hour, but I'd love some feedback. Awesome.

Speaker B: Well, well done first of all for getting it started making it happen. If you managed to do it in an hour, that's a bit, a bit of a small miracle in itself.

Speaker D: So well done.

Speaker B: Now, so we, I guess the, maybe tell us first too, like, what's the intention? Like, who do you want to land here and what do you want them to do?

Speaker C: Yeah, that's a good question. So the primary thing, I want people who are interested in my writing, particularly the main thing I'm trying to do is get oriented around this book I'm writing and to build the, to start sort of serializing that book to some extent on Substack and start getting those ideas out there. I would like to be doing more more sort of speaking engagements around, particularly around building trust and collaboration in the age of AI. So that's sort of a specialist topic that I'm— and perspective taking and wisdom in leadership is the other, is the framing I think I've used on there a fair bit. Basically, this idea of building wisdom at the individual and collective level. And so it's mainly about establishing thought leadership and so forth. I do still do some traditional leadership development courses and things like that, but I'm trying to move out of that and move more into kind of content, like a particular sort of expertise-based presentation that I'm doing.

Speaker B: And is it, and who, who's the ideal market that you'd like to land on this page and see, okay, here's the guy for, you know, trust and collaboration. This is the man, you know, this is who we need. Is it like a corporate? Is it—

Speaker C: yeah, I think some, to some extent, it's, I mean, this is where it sort of, sometimes I've said social change agents because that's what I'm working with, with my not-for-profit is basically social change agents who want to then learn a a method, the pro-social method that's in that book that is there on the screen, is a method for social change agents to create more trust and collaboration in groups without having authority necessarily. But I think the people who actually would buy— so they'll buy my book, but they won't buy me for speaking engagements if that's what I want to do. Yeah, so that the speaking engagements would probably be more corporate.

Speaker B: Yeah, so you're kind of both.

Speaker C: Yeah, and I don't mind doing a little bit of leadership development as long as it's very much around that kind of wisdom in leadership, systems thinking, critical thinking, um, teams collaboration sort of space, rather than some of the leadership work is different to that. It's more sort of strategic planning and how to make more money. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. Well, this, so some thoughts as we roll throughout, because I think that like for what you're wanting here, this is great. Like you've made a good, a good start. We could, we could tweak it a little bit, especially with some of the messaging because I think as we land So we got Professor Paul Atkins.

Speaker C: Do you want to put—

Speaker B: maybe you want to actually write Professor there, right?

Speaker C: Yeah, I felt really awkward about that. That was Francisca's suggestion to make it a bit clearer that I could be, you know, to go with the academic credibility. But I feel like a bit of a wanker, but I— but yeah, I could write Professor.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think write Professor just because people are so fickle, you won't even understand what— you know what I mean? Just like you want to remove all chances of confusion, any chance. And then on this, just like you might change this or this, like something here with, with this text, like you kind of big text here and all your name up there, whether that's getting adjusted, we need to kind of hit on what's in it for them first. Like basically the big headline needs to kind of capture attention of the right audience. And intrigue them enough that they, that they read further. So if I arrive and I see Professor Paul Atkins, author, facilitator, research, okay, you know, like I don't know what topic, I don't know who the market is, I don't know if I'm in the wrong place, I'm out of here. It's like, do you know what I mean? It's so it needs to capture, we need to think, does this capture the attention of the the right market immediately and intrigue them enough to get them to, to kind of read on, to stay. Like, you kind of got to imagine the first 3 seconds someone lands on a website. Have I got the attention of the target market and intrigued them enough to stay? It's like the purpose of a headline is to get them to read the next line. So at the moment, it's kind of what you do but it doesn't say why. I get, you got it in here. This, this might be, but is this your purpose statement that you've drafted or is this?

Speaker C: Yeah, I think I might have, um, might have developed that in the workshop.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I think this is good. Like, this is sort of hitting on more like helping people grow the wisdom needed to shape healthier relationships and more resilient systems in our age. Like, it Like if it said something like, you know, depending on what you want to really hit on, because I do notice there's, you mentioned leadership before, trust and collaboration. It's kind of like we need to kind of boil it down to an angle.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: At the moment, because also what I saw here when I was looking at this prior to the session, I see healthier relationships. Okay. Whereas the rest of this doesn't tell me anything. Professor Paul Atkins or the facilitator. Healthier relationship. Okay, got it. Resilience systems in the AI age. It's— that's still pretty vague and confusing. That I might think it's software or anything. I don't, you know, whereas this actually gives me kind of like a category to put— pop you in, in my brain. Healthier relationship. Okay, is it to do with team dynamics? Is it to do with my significant other? But then when I got down here, it's leadership experts. So research and facility. So then I'm like, okay, so I know that they can be one and the same, but it's, it's, it's like a different file in our brains. Where do we put you? So something here has to move up. It could be that the headline is something about developing leaders to improve, you know, to, for stronger relationships or to build deeper relationships with people that are, or something, you know, if it's for leaders, or it's just, you know, something like a headline around this, like something that, not that this is the wording, but like helping, assisting people to have healthier, deeper relationships, whether in work or social environments., you know, so at least we've got, oh, that's what he does. Does that make sense? Something's got to come up there and it doesn't have to be like a fancy catchphrase like this kind of like what this one here is written like, you know, your purpose statement doesn't have to be a rhyme or anything, just has to kind of spell it out for us.

Speaker E: Yeah, that last line there, Christo, that Paul helps purpose-driven leaders navigate complexity while maintaining their humanity and effectiveness, that probably stands out the most to me.

Speaker B: That's just What I see this one here.

Speaker E: Yeah, that last line. Oh, cool. Because it's what you do for them.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's cool. That's true actually. And it does have a point of difference, the humanity and effectiveness. While, yeah, that's, that's true. That's a good, good line.

Speaker A: In, in, in contrast, looking here, what I can see here is the is the name of the book, Using Evolutionary Science to Build Productive, Equitable, and Collaborative Groups. That seems to just, I think, something to do with your book there. I think that seems to—

Speaker C: Yeah, thanks. That was a marketing group. Came up with that one.

Speaker A: There you go. Because I think naturally, I think this time and age, I think the other thing I think I've heard you saying as well, it is, it's almost coming up as a self-managed kind of a group where the authorities, not dates, everyone comes as a collective kind of a thing. I think I've heard you, you share part of what I do. Yeah, yeah. So I think I like what talk about the evolutionary science to build productive and equitable. I don't know.

Speaker B: I think, yeah, but I, yeah, that one's good. It, that one obviously emphasizes groups, evolutionary science to build productive, equitable, and collaborative groups. So you're talking to a group environment if that is you know, that's the market once again. Obviously, if it's leaders potentially, then there always is some form of group. Yeah, but it's good. It's a good point again. Maybe just collaboration or something. You could leave groups off there just potentially so it doesn't sound as group-based. The, I think a line like this just to come back to this one, like, let's just say this said something like empowering purpose-driven. So you just sort of rather than say Paul helps, the last thing a leader thinks they need is help. So if it said just, we just switch that out to something like empowering purpose-driven leaders to navigate complexity while maintaining their humanity and effectiveness. Something like that would be a brilliant headline to move up.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, I think what I'm learning from listening to you all is, I was kind of imagining people would come here after they'd heard of me on a podcast or something like that, giving them, like, giving them background or something. But you're saying, what if someone comes here, like, even if they do do that, they still, I need to be doing a call to action of some sort.

Speaker B: Yeah, you still, you still have to tell us why we need you. It's like the thing if I arrive on a, on a product page and it says made from ancient grains, the finest delicate ingredients, blah, blah, blah. But I'm like, yeah, but what does it do for me? Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Made from the latest latex, fancy da da da. It's a mattress. It needs to just cover headline and say, do you wake up feeling groggy in the morning? You know, we know we've got your problem solved. Like it has to talk to our, our wants or our problems we want solved. So we want to know how to navigate complexity while maintaining humanity and effectiveness. Yeah, you get me? Because I'm like, I'm suddenly, I'm a leader and I'm overwhelmed. And you've got some strategies to help me navigate complexity while maintaining like that. Okay, cool. I got it. Do you know what I mean? There's a problem that you're helping me solve. So it's gotta, we just gotta like, otherwise I understand otherwise it is just like a bit of a bio site, but either way, let's say I'm now I'm a corporate landing here and we're gonna book our next speaker for our corporate event. I'm the person that's gonna book you. I don't even know what your specialty is. We've already got a speaker on dealing with trauma. We've already got a speaker on that. We've got to speak. Where does this guy fit in? Maybe he's the same. I don't know. It's just about him. Like, what's his, his angle? Do you know what I mean? So it doesn't, it doesn't matter. Like for all the markets, there has to be a little bit of like, yeah, problem you solve or want that you deliver cutting through more. Bit more there up front. What will help then too is, because that, and that could be, you might keep this Professor Paul Atkins, sounds super credible, and our eyes are going to jump straight to this one. So I think this is the one you need to update. You could then make a little subheading below it which says, you know, author, facilitator, public speaker, researcher, or something like that. Or sometimes even stating keynote speaker, it sort of summarizes that it will facilitate a keynote speaker. It sort of sits above, like it might be the higher level where then you have the extra details down here that you're an author, also an author of the books and everything else. Does that make sense? You might not need to kind of say all of this up so upfront in a headline. The, so that headline needs to swap out and then As we roll down, I was looking at, you might wanna just think what else could, could we swap out here? Like maybe, maybe rather than about, about's a pretty bland word, just, just something along the lines of, It could be something like where, where Professor Paul's knowledge comes from, you know, or background, you know, or something around Professor Paul and why Professor Paul is your, you know, expert in leadership. Does that make sense? Just a little bit rather than just about. Okay. Yeah. Cool. And then what would be good to do is still adding, because these points are good, like I read through and I thought they were great. That one might be, oh no, it looks all good.

Speaker C: I was just thinking, well, I'm thinking that current work one needs to be given more prominence and as a speaking specialty.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, what I thought is you could add a A couple of thoughts to add a section, like you could add a section that says, maybe something like that could stay there because that's like along the lines of how you position yourself as research and you're working on that project. But then there could be a section where you add a new headline, something along the lines of work with Paul. And then you might have some subheadings under it where it says keynote speaking and then another one that that says, you know, workshops and training, right? Because, you know, all like purchase all books, you know, so you could have 3 kind of little paragraphs. Does that make sense? Under, so it's almost like a product, you know, like Paul's products kind of thing. But, but a heading that says something like work with Paul and it says keynote speaking, Paul delivers keynote speakers to corporate organizations, groups, sports teams, blah, blah, blah, just short summary. Facilitating another subheading or facilitates, you know, trainings, da da da da. If you want a deeper, you know, deeper level of training for your organization, group, community group, whatever, or books, you know, Paul currently has authored blah blah blah books and he's in the process of writing books. Here's the link to buy it. Make sense?

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. So bring that current work and book project down under Work with Paul.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, you could exactly. I think, well, you can keep that if you want to keep a, leave this one sort of as is. Because it's sort of like the work in progress, isn't it at the moment? It's, it's kind of like almost adding a new, a whole new headline saying work with Paul and then adding just like here's the 3 ways or might end up being 4 ways or more., you know, ways to work with you basically. So that if I land here, because you also, you just have to imagine people are so fickle, we skim. So let's say I'm the corporate, I'm booking, I'm the event manager for Telstra. I've landed on here. I'm looking at a bunch of different sites. I see, oh, there's how you work with Paul or keynote speaking, da da da da da. That's all they're gonna see. They're not gonna read all of this. We skim, we skim the headlines and we go, okay, cool. Oh, he does keynote speak on that. And here's a link to, you know, proceed with an inquiry about that. Or I'm an individual, I'm interested in what you do. There's the book, click, buy, you know. So it's just like, it's almost like a little, like, basically, like, if you translate it to, like, a product business, it would be, you know, our featured products kind of thing.

Speaker C: I, I'm actually intrigued. Do you have anyone in your network who does keynote speaking? Because I'd love to. I've done loads of keynotes and things at conferences, like academic conferences, but I've not— and I've done quite a lot of corporate training, but I've never done corporate keynotes. And I don't really know how that market works. I don't really know much about it. Like, I don't even know if there's a big market for it.

Speaker B: Is, is that a viable There is. Yeah. Yeah, there is. We do it ourselves. I do it even. So I've like presented for Flight Center, for LJ Hooker, other like the B&I network with like, which had thousands of attendees and stuff like different. Yeah. So there is for sure. Or sometimes it's kind of like it might not necessarily be a corporate individual brand, but it's like a leadership summit, you know, that's sponsored by blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, and someone's actually an event company that organizes it. There are, so it's, it is, there is opportunity there for sure. We do it, there are other, and there are other members that do it for sure. Francisca has done a lot of it too. She's presented internally for a lot of brands. I have skincare as well, DMK skincare. I did a whole tour with them. I did, went around Australia and New Zealand to all the major cities presenting for their, all their franchisees that they had. Yeah. So, and that was like hundreds at each, each event.

Speaker C: Yeah. Cool. Oh, well, if there's a chance, I might try and catch up with you, Christo, and just learn a bit more about the industry really.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, really at the moment, just for this one, it's just like listing it as a thing, you know, like keynotes. You don't have to say exactly who it's for. You could add a section like that is something that crossed my mind as well. If you wanted to do another section, you could keep what you got here, but basically add another one of these kind of like headline and like sort of similar length, like, but basically like who Paul works with. So you could say, you know, because then you could do like individuals that are leaders or organizations that like keynote presentations. You say you could easily just list them out even if it's only 2, 3, 4. So then as someone who lands here, they might scroll and see that and go, oh cool, I am there. I can see I fit into that, you know, one of those.

Speaker C: Does that make sense? Yes. Yeah.

Speaker B: Perfect sense. Cool. And then one other or two other things. Good ones. Then the check out my Substack being pro-social. It's not clear really what you get here. You know what I mean? Like being pro-social, like what is that? Is that, am I getting the book here or am I getting the like, what am I actually getting? Makes sense. So like when I'm back on the site here, check out my Substack. Substack, I didn't really even understand what it means. Do you know what I mean? It's sort of like, uh, what's he mean by that? So maybe you want to like, what is that? Is that, am I getting a book? Is this an opt-in for the book or is it an opt-in for, it is, oh no, Substack is a newsletter site.

Speaker C: I'm taking it for granted people know what Substack is, but Yeah.

Speaker B: People don't, that's fine.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I think maybe you need to say what it is or if it's like, you know, get my, you know, monthly leadership tips sent to your inbox or something. At least that's clear. Or, you know, a 10-point checklist on leadership checklist, things that you could do to become a more empowered leader immediately, you know, and I click here and I get to the opt-in.

Speaker C: Okay, great. Yeah. Well, it's a lot like Medium basically.

Speaker B: Substack's essentially the same as Medium. Right. Because this, yeah, because it just doesn't, you know, I don't really know what I'm getting here. Yeah.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker B: What else? And I wonder, oh, and one other thought, there's just a thought. This one's good. This image is good. I thought it could be nice to have another, you know, maybe another image of you on there somewhere, just like a bit of a profile image. Would be cool as well.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah, I know the AI tool to use for that now.

Speaker B: Yes, make me 20 years younger to remove all.

Speaker A: Christophe, can you go up a little bit for me, please? Yeah, just a day. I'm just wondering on this very faded writing that it says a comprehensive program to help groups of all sizes, align interests, support cooperation. I'm wondering if there is something that you, to, to try to harness on when people first, first lens in. I'm not sure, but it, you know, it took me a while to, to, to, to, to know this little piece of information.

Speaker C: Thank you. Yeah, that's actually the COVID of the book, and, uh, it does disappear a bit there, doesn't it? Yeah, and someone in the chat also mentioned maybe having that in a different section. Yeah. Cool. Well, thank you.

Speaker B: That's, that's really helpful feedback. Yes. Awesome. Cool. Cool. Yeah. And there's a bunch of comments in the chat. So you'll, you could always make the word professor smaller and above your name so it doesn't feel as in your face. That's great. Paul shared the lens with leaders to navigate complexity.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker B: Yeah, feedback for you. You got it in there. Yeah, it's true, Emma, too. Like what Emma's saying, maybe they could sit even under if you did have a subheading with the books, you know, like work with Paul could be like, here's the keynote speaking facilitation for da da da, and then you might have like the books kind of listed across in within that section. So it feels almost like a product section.

Speaker C: Well, I wanted to make the page more visual and so I started sort of peppering it because I can't stand those photos where everyone's got their hands in and they're, you know, so I was trying to think of what, what image could I use and I thought I'll just stick my books on there.

Speaker B: You might be able to add a, like a little, like, you know, books title even in that column kind of thing and then even like a little line that runs down just to sort of sep, section that part off potentially, or flip it and put those books on the right side and add a kind of a column rather than them sitting on that sort of left side as we view it. Potentially, yeah. Cool. But it's like with what you've done, there's a little bit of work to do, a bit of massaging it, and then we can keep improving it. Feel free to make changes and, you know, and resubmit so we can keep things moving for you.

Speaker C: Yeah, thanks so much. I appreciate it.

Speaker B: Thanks everyone for the feedback. Awesome. You are very welcome.

Speaker C: I have one tiny question before I leave the floor. Can I— the LMS system that you use for your community pages, like when we're getting on here, is that Circle or is that Mighty Networks or what is it? Yeah, Mighty Networks. That is right. So it's Mighty, the one that's on our computer, not on the phone.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's, it's still Mighty Network. So if you have the app, on your phone, which definitely should make life a lot easier to access everything we have. It takes you, it says Mighty Networks because that's their kind of brand and takes you straight into our member site. But on the online version, it just has our branding and URL. It's still the Mighty Networks platform. It just, when you're on the paid sort of level on their platform, you can put your own branding on it and use your own URL and things.

Speaker C: It's really nice what you've done. It's a really nice, clear piece of design. I have no trouble finding meetings and things. It's tremendous. Awesome.

Speaker B: That's all for you. Thank you. Great to hear. I always wonder how we can make it better. So we're always open to hearing any feedback and moving things or changing things from different pages or rooms. The, and the app makes life a lot easier. I know some people never get the app, but it's like I have the app. It just makes it so much easier. You can access everything the same straight through on your phone with the same layout. Cool. Well, thank you. Well done. And yeah, feel free, as I said, to make further changes and so we can keep things rolling for you. And now we will jump to Jodie. Hello, Jodie. Hi. Hello.

Speaker C: Hello.

Speaker B: And so You got a couple of questions. This one's not necessarily the first one, but the first one is, how do I build a landing page? Should I use a landing page from a CRM system so I don't have to pay twice? I understand some CRM systems include landing page functionality. So yes, that is absolutely true. Do you— you can do it two ways. So you can set up a Well, you can do it almost infinite ways, set up a landing page, but the, you can create a landing page through a CRM. So we use Ontraport ourselves, which is where we send our like mass emails. We have sequences of things that happen. Like if you join the Clever Bunch, we add you to a sequence and it basically sends all the reminders. It can collect payments. Group people. So it's pretty awesome. And we can set up landing pages and things. If you've ever registered for any of our masterclasses, like the AI masterclass one that happened today, or any of these masterclasses we sell as individual online workshops, they're— all those pages are set up through Ontraport. So they're actually built in Ontraport with their page builder, and then it just displays on our website with their plugin.

Speaker D: So is that for a commerce-based business though? Ontraport, is that the best one for a commerce-based business?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: But it's for selling anything basically.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. I wouldn't say it's the best if it's like a massive e-commerce site where you are selling like, yeah, I'm selling clothing. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: So the, is this like the best in the, well, I'd say the, the leader at the moment is Shopify with like, ecommerce sites where you're gonna have lots of products and products changing and things. If it was just for a landing page, like a one-off thing or something, then for sure I'd go something like Ontraport. You can collect payments, you can still sell. What, like, what's the intention of the landing page? I should have asked that.

Speaker D: What do you want? Yeah, just to collect emails, like people's details and entice them to buy with a, like a lead magnet to capture their emails, to have them in my CRM, to have them in my—

Speaker B: Okay, gotcha. Well then, like there's different ways you can go. So you could create, so like this for example is on basicbananas.com, but no one would know it's actually, this page is built in Ontraport. So no coding by us at all. We just sort of like drag and drop stuff and can type straight into it. So it makes life a lot easier. Even though our website's WordPress, the—

Speaker D: well, I have a Shopify site.

Speaker B: Okay. So your Shopify, because what you could simply do is you could either go ahead and create a new page and you just direct people to the page on your existing site. I'm not sure then about with your Shopify site if you'd be able to hide, say, all the menus and things if you wanted to do that, but you don't necessarily, like, like say an ideal scenario for a landing page is say when you land on this page here, ideal, all the menus and everything have gone away because there's only one thing we want people to do when they land on this page, which you can guess what it is, you know, book now. That's the only, that's the only thing you can do when you're here. There's no like about us is gone. Like all the other menus are gone because we don't want to distract people away. If we've got them to this page or we've sent them there from ads or something, we want— there's one thing we want them to do only, and that's book in. Now, having said that, if it's gonna be on your site, you know, like if you're gonna share it through your site or socials, you can have it on your site. It's not the end of the world. It's just you might have things like these menus visible, you know, and you have page content below which has like an opt-in form instead of your products and things. So you definitely could do it within your existing site. Do you have a, like a, like an email marketing sort of CRM you're already using?

Speaker D: No, no, I used to have MailerLite and within MailerLite there was a landing page that was attached to that. Somebody else set that up for me because I'm not tech savvy. At all. Um, I find it very, very challenging to do any of it. So, um, it just frustrates me and then takes me away from what I really should be doing. Um, yeah, so, but I did, I lost access to that because I wasn't, I just didn't think it was working. So I didn't put in any effort really with it. So I think they just dropped me off their system, so I lost all of my email, all of those contacts. But I know moving forward that I have to try again. And yeah, I just wanted the best system. And obviously I need a landing page because I need to collect people's email addresses again to have an email marketing system and also entice people to buy with that 10% or 15% discount.

Speaker C: Gotcha.

Speaker B: So you could, so what, because you need a, you need that anyway. So like you could build a landing page on here, but then the problem is you still need the system behind it to send the like automated emails and things when someone opts in. The one I recommend is Ontraport. We refer them like we're a referral affiliate of theirs. So if you do sign up with the link, I think if you just put basicbananas/ontreport, I'll share that in the chat before I click on it so it doesn't disappear because I think that'll, but what it means is you'll get, you get kind of extra stuff with, yeah, that'll work. If you do go with them, make sure you sync, sign up, like click on our link to do it and then start a free trial. The, the main thing with Ontraport and the reason we, we use them and we've used it for a long time and we've tried lots of different things. We used to have a separate side business as well that did website development and did implementation of this kind of systems. So we used ActiveCampaign, Mailchimp, like the list went on and on and on and on and everything. We're just like, hey, Ontraport's the one. The main reasons I'd say is that the people behind it, they're like super tech nerds. So it's like really good. And they specialize in small business. So basically you get looked after, whereas most of the others, even like MailChimp, that will, will have like a cheaper freer level, you're really restricted with the functionality on the cheaper level. And as soon as you start using, you'll start paying more anyway. And you're really a number lost in the giant sea of people. Whereas with Ontraport, even in their like Facebook group, they have like a members Facebook group. The CEO and founder, Landon, he's in there almost every day replying and he'll tag in their chief technical officer. You know, like he's, Heidi on our team just emailed him because someone else was signing up and saying, hey, we want to, you know, does your system integrate with a medical software? Because they're a medical business. And then Landon's in there replying in an email like the founder and CEO, like you would not get that on any other platform. Do you know what I mean? So it's sort of like they actually care.

Speaker C: Yeah, right.

Speaker D: Okay. What about the one, is it Klaviyo?

Speaker B: Klaviyo is popular as well. Another option. And the reality is it's kind of like they're all like a living beast. So it's hard to say one's exactly better than the other because what they've got teams constantly updating and building things. Do you know what I mean? It's like Klaviyo adds something, a functionality, and then Ontraport adds a function. People like, oh wow, they're the best now. And then they what catch, you know, like there's sort of like, it's like this living, living creature. I know Klaviyo does integrate or I actually, I don't know if it does integrate with, there's a different one that integrates. They all, they'll all integrate with Shopify anyway. But Klaviyo is popular with a lot of e-commerce. So it is popular with a lot of e-commerce for sure.

Speaker D: I think Francisca did mention Klaviyo the other day for e-commerce based businesses.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's not that like they're both gonna be just as good. It's just a different process to, do you know what I mean? And once you're in there and you work out how to use them, they're the same, same but different kind of thing. But Klaviyo, Klaviyo got a bit of a name. I think they probably positioned it as e-commerce initially. And then I know quite a few, I know Mori and Eve, the clothing brand as well, when they did CleverBunch, they were using Klaviyo as well and like different, quite a lot of e-commerce like Klaviyo.

Speaker D: Yeah, Mark, the previous marketing agency that I had, they were trying to, they were pushing me to go towards Klaviyo. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, it might, if it feels like it really, and like the main thing is if you get on one, you just, you just on it and use it because, because that's part of the launch report for e-commerce anyway. And also I wouldn't try and like learn the whole functionality. You just get it to do what you want it to do initially and that's it. It might be like they sign up through a, you want a landing page, you could ask part of your next question.

Speaker D: Both of them do have landing pages. Sorry, Christo.

Speaker B: Do you know? Yeah, I'm sure Klaviyo would. I'm not 100%, but I'm like, okay, certain they would like pretty much all of these bigger CRM systems will have, will have landing pages.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. There you go.

Speaker A: Thanks.

Speaker B: Emma's done a comparison, have you? The— I just say it's comparison. Yeah. So they're kind of like— thank you. Yeah. Really. And as I'd say, it's sort of like, it's often my feedback to people when they say, oh, CRM, what's better? What's this? Because you can spend your whole life comparing one to the other. If you're on something and it does what you want it to do, just stay on it. It's only if something's really feels like it's limiting you. Do you know what I mean? Then I'd be like, okay, switch. But obviously where you're at at the moment, you could, you could kick, kick the ball in either direction and just go with it. I don't know when it's gonna.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker D: And what about as well too? Do you have any contacts to set them up? Because I think that's kind of like the email that would be for Ontraport.

Speaker B: Yep. We could email, intro you to, to a couple of people come to mind that that basically specialize it so you can say what you want. What I would say is if you have someone set you up, and otherwise you can always get on a platform like Upwork, it'll be a bit more stuffing around though, and ask, hey, I know what a specialist in Klaviyo to set me up a landing page. This is this, here's, you know, budget of $400, you know, what's your quote? And that, I don't know if you've used Upwork, you can basically get people who do anything.

Speaker D: I've used, I've used Fiverr and also Freelancer.

Speaker B: Yeah, same, same but different. Upwork tends to have a bit more like you can get high, pretty good level of people on just about anything.

Speaker D: So you, you recommend Upwork because sometimes it's like a needle in a haystack trying to pick. Oh yeah, with Fiverr too, they can do anything and it's like, who do I pick? And I usually seem to pick someone that, yeah, I don't know.

Speaker B: With Upwork you can see, you know, feedback, their reviews and things, and, um, and, and on, and you're It's not all— some of them, like a platform like Fiverr, you get all the— they're all low end. You might, you might land on your feet and you score someone good for cheap, but the— whereas on Upwork, you could say I'm willing to pay $10 grand for some of this, and you're gonna have really good quality people. Okay. Do you know what I mean? You sort of like, you get a bit of a, a bit of a mix in there. And you, you can also, if you don't want to, like, totally up to you, but you might say I only want someone in Australia, America, you know, and that's it or whatever, you know, like you can kind of set location. Yeah, it matters where they are, but you can filter by that as well. Yeah, so definitely. And then what I'd say is it, if you have someone do it, what makes life really easy later is part of having them do it when, if they set you up, say a landing page and a bit of a system, you say cool. And I also want a video, you screen record with instructions for me for how I can make updates to the page so that they just, you know, basically screen record and say, here's how to log into the page. If you want to change the headline, if you want to do this, here's how to do it, you know, and here's the system behind it. If you want to change the email people get as soon as they opt in, here's how to do that. So you basically just ask them, hey, send me a video if I want to update any of these stage steps so that you, you know, and it might, because then it'll be you get familiar with what you've got and how you're using it. And sometimes you might wanna just change one thing and you don't have to go through them basically. Okay. Yep.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: I think, I know with Ontraport, it starts at, I think, $29 US a month.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: So they don't have it free, but, and Klaviyo, I'm not, I'm not 100%.

Speaker D: Sure.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'll look into it.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then you tried something else you mentioned is you've tried to encourage customers in your in-store. So this is face-to-face, right? In-store to join your mailing list. And they tend to be hesitant or in a hurry. That's always the excuse, isn't it? Oh, I got up in a rush right now. What you could potentially do if there's an incentive, like join our members you know, subscriber list to get exclusive offers that we only offer to our subscribers, something like that, you know. So a little bit of incentive, or go in the draw to win a, you know, this, uh, address, the start of some address or whatever. Um, it could be something like that. Sometimes I've been added to simply by asking people, would you like your receipt emailed to you?

Speaker D: Right. Yes, we can do that.

Speaker B: We have that option.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then you're like, oh yeah, that'd be great. You want, you know, you could even say, you want to save the paper and we email a receipt to you, you know, like, and then and then you've got their email straight in. Or discount.

Speaker D: Absolutely. Discount. Yeah, we've got a little bit of paper that, or little pamphlet that we give to the customers, each customer that we put it in their bag and say, we've got all the QR codes like the Google, what have we got, Facebook like, Facebook review, Instagram follow. So we just pop that into the bag and then we say, you know, hey, if you'd like to subscribe to us, here's the details. But yeah, it just doesn't seem to be that successful. So I think we've got to grab those details.

Speaker B: You've got to get them there and then. Yeah. An incentive to do it there and then, like, hey, do you want to exactly get it, receive 10% off your next purchase when you come in, you know, put it straight in, or you want to go in the drawer or get our exclusive offers only for our online subscribers, you know, something there and then, and potentially the receipt could be a good one too. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Otherwise we all do the same, right? I walk out and like chuck everything away, keep the product kind of thing. That's right.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then you also mentioned just some, let me pull that up.

Speaker D: I was gonna, oh, sort of, and just some stuff with the Google Analytics.

Speaker A: Google Analytics.

Speaker D: Because I had a look at that. I've, yeah, got Google Analytics Analytics. I've had that for a while, but I've never really looked at it.

Speaker B: Yeah, I looked at it and getting familiar with what you're looking at. So the questions you had, so this in the page report, what does it mean? Checkouts. So there's checkout that I'm assuming that's the part you mean. Yes. What that is, this is just showing you what page they visited. So that's basically the extension of the URL. So what I mean by that is your kind of base URL is this and then anything from like here. So this part here you will see in the analytics, let me just flick back, is from that dash onwards.

Speaker D: So does that mean they went through that it was a sale though?

Speaker B: Yeah, that one was a sale, the checkouts, they made it to the thank you, this one made it to the thank you, this one made it to the thank you. So they bought something Something on there. It's like basically, oh, let me check because I might have clicked here. I click on a product, select my product, add to cart, and then I go to checkout. Yeah. So this one, so it's already got checkout. So I've made it to a page with checkout, but those other ones look like they were a sale because they made it to a checkout, like a thank you page. Right. Okay. Yep. So those are sales. And that's all that is. So sometimes you might see like /about-us or something, and that just means it's that, that's the URL of the page. And then you said, why is there missing data in, in this one? Google just does its best to compile. It's looking for similarities. So basically there's just not enough traffic here at this moment to kind of go.

Speaker D: I thought that, that, yeah, just wasn't any traffic.

Speaker B: So it was like, yeah. It's exactly, it's struggling to go, hey, there's like 50% male because it's just not enough. And it doesn't always have all of the details on everyone. So there'll be visitors where it just can't, can't work it, you know, doesn't have enough data when they view it.

Speaker D: And then, but if I can get this site activated and actually working, like I hope to, that all that data should be there.

Speaker B: Yeah. Oh, absolutely. It'll start to fill in.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And you start to see like their interests and all sorts of stuff. They're interested in gardening and travel and, you know, like all this. Similar, similar interests and so on. And then on this one, the acquisition, this is an awesome thing to check. Direct just means Google thinks they've just put your URL in early and they've typed it in or they've clicked directly on it rather than being coming from Facebook.

Speaker D: This is the one that you want us to check to see where the traffic's coming from, right?

Speaker B: So Facebook and direct. Yeah, exactly. If they clicked from your Instagram profile, it would say, you know, the next one there will say Instagram or Facebook.

Speaker C: Exactly.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay, cool.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: So as you can see, it's not really working at all.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's low at the moment. That's why we're here.

Speaker D: That's all.

Speaker E: That's right.

Speaker B: That's exactly right. And the best thing is you can start to see where to track it.

Speaker D: Yep. Okay, lovely.

Speaker B: Thank you. We got a low bar, so we're good. Let's go.

Speaker D: Let's build that. We can start from zero.

Speaker E: Yes. Awesome.

Speaker B: Thank you so much. You're welcome.

Speaker A: Cool.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker B: Cool. I'll jump to and feel free, of course. Yeah, to, you know, resubmit similar questions in the coming weeks when you, you know, if you're moving forward and not sure on something again, all good. Nice work, Jody, for actually finding how to track it is the most important thing. So Well done, Emma, for you.

Speaker E: Hello, Emma. Hello. I've finally started filling out my magic numbers, so I just wanted to check I was on the right track. Yes, and I've gone back to the start of financial year. Oh, cool, cool, cool. So just in the Your Magic Numbers tab. Sorry.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's it there. And you started from—

Speaker C: yep.

Speaker B: Awesome. Started from the 30th of June and up to this week. And yes, looking at what you've done. So this is great.

Speaker E: I didn't really know what to put in there, so I just kind of did an average of what was showing.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's the best thing to do is just look backwards. It's, we get the question so much like, hey, what's a good figure to put in sales or like website views, how many should I get? As we just saw with Jodie, like Jodie, your goal is to get it like, if that's the number there, it's to get it to 10 a week. Do you know what I mean? Like it's anything for anyone is just improvement. There's no like magic number for even for an industry, like even businesses in the same industry. It's not like there's a magic number that everyone should be sort of shooting for. So the best thing to do is look back over the last quarter. What's the average? And let's try and get above that. Like, what's the weekly average from the last quarter? Um, and it looks, you know, a good indication when it, um, is that you're seeing a bit of green and red. You're sort of teetering, and that's good. If it was all green, I'd be like, you probably got, gotta, you know, move the target up a little bit. Or if it was all red, I might be like, okay, let's see, are you way off? Have you stretched? Have you put the goalpost way too high? Or are you, you know, are you getting close? And then it might be all right if there was a lot of red. But this is great.

Speaker E: What I'm seeing here is brilliant. So I guess what I'm gonna be trying to do is targeting our ads per category. So that's why I put the category pages in there. But I'm wondering if there's a way to set up events in Google Analytics so that any page with that category goes into the one result instead of just looking at the top landing page for that category. Does that make sense? So that was, so basically I've got page views for racking, but underneath that page there are subpages like selective racking. So I'm only actually tracking at the moment the ones on the top landing page of racking.

Speaker B: So I don't, yeah. You'll definitely be able to see them within Google Analytics, whether it's the top page or the subpages. And then usually what I do with that is— Then add them all together, do you? Add them all together initially. And then what might happen is you start to see, or you might already know already, there might be a bit of a bestseller under-racking. And then we might go, okay, let's put that specific page in here because that's the one where we're trying to drive a little bit more, or that's where like 20% of our revenue comes from. So you start to go, okay, like, cause if people are looking at the, I don't know, you've got racking for a soccer ball holder or you got racking for an entire warehouse that's worth, you know, $100 grand a sale. I want to know the $100 grand sale entire warehouse, the soccer balls. I don't really care. They're just a little bit of a little bit extra that we sell on, you know, as well. So in here I might go, okay, under racking, we're gonna really try and push the warehouse racking and that's something we're advertising, we're putting the radio ads, we're talking about. So that one's like worth tracking, if that makes sense, worth monitoring.

Speaker E: Is there any way to, is it what you do in events where you actually make an event in Google Analytics and then you can put page views for these pages?

Speaker B: Does it do that? Yeah, you can.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, you can. And otherwise you can also go and simply into the pages and just, you know, see which one they look like what we're looking at in that analytics report where it had checkout. You know, you'll be able to find the URL there as well. It's just a lot of pages to look through. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's alright. You'll be able to make an event. I can't remember off the top of my head the process, but you'll be able to make an event to to track that specifically. Also, you might, if you did start running ads or anything like that, then you can track the ad spend, the ad conversions to that specific page as well within here in your magic numbers.

Speaker E: So I've started below the table because I wasn't quite sure where to put it, like what radio we're doing, what Facebook ads we're doing, and seeing if, you know, what's having the impact Is that where you're supposed to put that or is it supposed to go on the table?

Speaker B: I'd usually be whacking it up here in traffic because it's to get exposure so that I could kind of see side by side if there's any connection between ads and say web traffic. As long, really it's up to you, it's whatever, if it works, it works. If you put it down the bottom, as long as you're just looking at, okay, look, when we spent this, was there a bump here, you know, did it work? That's what we're trying to look for. Or maybe it was delayed in the, you know, the week or two after and that's okay. Yeah. And then what I, and then the other things I, cause like you could say I went straight for it before I was like looking, well, okay, you got all your main traffic numbers and then what are the main things we want them doing here, which I imagine requesting a quote's a huge one.

Speaker E: Yeah. See, I don't have all those forms set up yet. That was kind of like a goal to get those, right?

Speaker B: Up and then direct people to them as like, yeah, are they lead magnets or something? Yeah, lead magnets can go in here. Request a quote is a good one just to track as well anyway, because it might be visits land on the website. Someone requests a quote because we want to start to see, you know, like looking at that because it pulls your focus each week to, okay, is there anything else we can do to try and get more quotes booked in? So these are, these are the important ones. Accepted quotes is cool to know as well because that really relates back to who's the, who's doing them, who is sales Is there something else you can do to wow people when they get a quote? Like it kind of gets offline the process, but you want to be measuring it because it's, it's the direct pipeline from traffic to like website to book the quote to then converted the quote.

Speaker E: So this is brilliant. And I guess that will need to be updated too because quotes can stay in the system for a few months and that sort of thing. So yeah, yeah, yeah. It's hard to know how to track that a little bit.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's like, I guess over time too, if you do them both, I know it can take probably a long time, but the, how many quotes were like requested is a good, because it's a trigger, it's sort of a step. And then how many were accepted? That's a great one. I think they're both great.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker E: Yeah, looking awesome.

Speaker B: Well done. That's it.

Speaker C: Very good.

Speaker E: Paul's impressed. Well done.

Speaker D: Excellent work.

Speaker B: That sucks. Yeah, that's what I think too in here too. This is good. You got a good amount. Like, you'll get quick at just entering these. Whereas if you do too much, it's like a nightmare. Just ends up another task to do. So these, these are good. You're on, you're on the right track. I like it. Well done. Awesome work. And our final question, Fran, you have sent through. 2 flyers for upcoming, let me just pull up. So you got 3 upcoming events though. Yep. Free webinar, a 3-hour paid workshop and a 90-minute workshop as well. Looking for general feedback on the 2 flyers, guidance on how to promote, like, what do I promote them together or separately with different landing pages, of course, as you've mentioned. My thoughts on these ones. So this one here, I like, obviously you've done so much work since the very first flyers you got reviewed. So these are night and day compared to what we were looking at. These are great. So well done in terms of the layout and design and everything. Just looking at these, these flyers, is that clear enough for everyone? I'll pull them up like this. Makes it a bit. Bit bigger, easier to see. Now, um, just with these side by side, um, This one on the, on the left, as we view the human side of leadership, calmer in conflict, responding to challenge, challenges with empathy and authenticity is key to leadership. This course equips you to remain calmer in conflict, turn tension into trust. This, this one is straight onto, is, is good. Like, it's like I am this basically kind of what we're saying with Paul's before the feedback. It's like I can see a lot of benefits or problems you're gonna help me resolve, like within this one. So this is great. There's a little alignment issue with that. For some reason, that text is higher than, than this text. See how the spacing just there, just tiny little alignment issue. The, on this one, let me just put what I check. Oh, reignite your passion. This one, I don't love this word here, potentially, because it's just obviously implying that they've lost their passion. And I don't know if that's for everyone, relevant for everyone who might want to attend. They might be a great and passionate person, but they're like, their leadership and their communication is terrible. Do you know what I mean? It's not a passion issue. It's a, they're just a mess when it comes to communicating. So that one, I just, yeah, you could probably just start from discover stuff from discover neuroaffirming ways to understand and support others. Yep. The, potentially something I like to see, I don't wanna make it too cluttered, but I do like a little bit of social proof if there was something like just even a snippet from one review or something like that., even if it was like a one-liner, maybe you can have the learn more, you know, and then basically even on here, like, you know, a comment from a, from a review or something like that, or change this one to a comment from a review and get rid of that headline there completely. So, you know, as a leader, I found the Karma approach to be a game changer, blah, blah, blah, or, you know, working with people.

Speaker A: I found the calmer approach, you know, you're just something like, for us, see, one of the little catch, even though we had had some leaders that gone through the training, this is the first workshop that's trying to go to that level there. So definitely I would have some things that would be along those lines there. But yeah, so for us, it's because now I think we're trying to target all levels. They're trying to target from the bottom all the way up to the chain. Otherwise, it's that there is that, uh, mislinking on, on people's, I guess, alignment of providing support. So that's what we are trying to— but yeah, I think I do get— because I guess, yeah, I do get what we— you're saying. So no, I, I do get it. Yeah, I do have something that I could put in there quite, quite quickly.

Speaker C: Yeah, cool.

Speaker B: It's just like a, um, We look for social proof that sometimes social proof like really is the umbrella term for someone else says it's good, not just you. That makes sense. So sometimes it could be like sometimes someone's got a business award or they're registered with some association or affiliation or they're, you know, even stating something like supported over 200 leaders or something, you know, it states, okay, someone's done it. You know, it's popular or something, or worked with brands or worked with leaders from, you know, and there's a couple of logos of some brands, you know, that kind of stuff. We see it and we go, okay, it's other people say it's, think it's good. So must be good. The, so that one is close, just a couple of little tweaks on that flyer. This one I found to be a bit more, it's sort of being a bit too kind of feature-focused. Sorry, it's behind my Zoom dashboard there. So this one, free webinar, everyone is welcome. Once again, we don't know what it is yet. And then the number one blind spot in understanding all behavior, leaving the emotions out of the equation. It's a bit vague of like, what are we, what are we talking about again here? Like, why, who's it for? Why do I need it? This one looks more along the lines of an information sheet that you're giving to people that already know who you are and kind of what it's about, if that makes sense. So like, if I don't know what this thing is and I don't know what you offer, this one's too sort of detailed in a way, if that makes sense. It needs to focus on like the feedback we were giving with Paul earlier, why I, why I need it, or, you know, what benefit it gives or what problem it solves. I understand the number one blind spot in understanding all behavior, but it's a little bit like, what are we talking about here? Leaving the emotions out of the equation, an introductory to the karma approach, what you will gain, a fresh perspective on behavior through karma, neurobehavior. Like, it's sort of detailed. Does that make sense? Whereas this one, you got to remain calmer in conflict. I understand that. The human side of leadership. Okay. I kind of get where we're coming from. Calmer in conflict, even though that's your acronym of your process, it makes sense. Got me? Whereas this one, free webinar for everyone is welcome. Oh, not another bloody webinar. You know what I mean? What is it? You gotta get my attention with why I need this thing first. So it's just that flipping the, you know, basically getting the benefits or, you know, benefits upfront.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, so with the, the introductions to the Calm Approach, then should that then be the, the instead of the free webinar?

Speaker B: Yeah, like I think even still an introduction to the Calm Approach is what this whole thing is, that's kind of what it is. You've still gotta tell us a little bit more before that, like with this text here and even this text here. I think this is okay where it is here. This is kind of getting into his— you need to give us a little bit of like, well, why in the first place? So if it said something like, like, see, with this one again, I don't even know. I don't know who you're targeting. I don't know what it's for. So if I said something like, you know, wish you could be a more empowered leader to remain calm in high-pressure situations. Would you love a process or something like that? Would you love a process to be, to remain calm in high-pressure situations as a leader? Like, okay, cool, got, got, I got an understanding.

Speaker A: Right, right, right, right.

Speaker B: So, so this, this, this particular one here, it's more to expose karma if you wish it. Yeah, I guess that, I get that. But like, but what's the whole point of karma? Do you know what I mean? Like, you can't just say, hey, here's the karma approach. I'm gonna tell everyone about the karma approach. It's like I could say, hey, I'm gonna tell everyone here about the, the Clever Bunch approach, but you don't know what it is, why you need it. You don't even know if it's marketing related. We're gonna, we're gonna tell you about the, you know, this ancient grains material approach that, you know, like, why do we need that? What's it do for us? You with me? You still, you still have to tell us like, like benefits, like even if it's something like communicate better, you know, and build deeper relationships, or if it says something like, do you work with people and find communication challenging at times?

Speaker A: You know, something like that. What if it was something along the lines of understanding the two sides of behavior?

Speaker B: Thinking and feeling. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. So as long as it's not too abstract, like it's gotta be about it. We got day to day, you know, we gotta, we gotta be able to understand it.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, yeah. So I think perhaps if I keep it simple, just understanding the two sides of behavior, thinking and feeling, or understanding that the blind spot of behavior, thinking and feeling. Then I think that should, that should, that should, you know, I think people will understand that. Yeah.

Speaker B: And it's still, I guess, accessible, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. It's still just, it's like, just try and think really simply, like, okay, it's for, like, who's this for?

Speaker A: It's for people that, that work with, like, you got it all down here, right? Yeah. This is pretty much, Just going to go, yeah, to, to anyone.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker B: Everyone.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: And so what do you want them to walk away? If they could walk away with, with one thing, you know, obviously you're gonna like, like, and I'm not saying from this session, but if they actually went ahead and they used, you got the Calm Approach, they got trained by you and they have like one thing that they, they do better now.

Speaker A: What, what's that one thing?

Speaker B: I guess it'd be better understanding of the behavior.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So there you go. You know, understand behavior better in, you know, and, um, basically, you know, like just something like that. It's like understanding human behavior on another level with the Karma approach, you know, something like along those lines so you can communicate better.

Speaker E: Is that very last sentence on that second flyer, ignite your curiosity, etc.? Is that kind of what that flyer is about?

Speaker A: Discovering neuro-affirming ways to understand and support others? Yes, that'll be one of the— Yeah.

Speaker E: Sorry, I didn't let you finish. Sorry. Yeah. Is it a webinar on understanding others in a neuro-affirming way? Like, is that the whole point of the flyer of the seminar?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker E: In addition to introduce the Calm Approach. Yep. Yeah. So maybe is that your heading instead of at the bottom?

Speaker B: That was just a thought. Yeah. Yeah. So that would be that already bringing just, if you use exactly, I wouldn't do ignite your curiosity, but just like from there, discover new referring ways to understand and support others.

Speaker E: They're an outsider. That makes more sense to me than all the, the top bits.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Or even perhaps the other— still a bit of a jargon, but it'll be the, you know, the neurobehavioral perspective to understand behavior. Instead of just the behavior itself, but the neuro, because then you're taking the emotions and the behavior, you are looking from the both sides of it. But yeah, I think I got what you're saying there. Yeah, just a thought.

Speaker B: Yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah. I'd even like if you did something like that, like this for me, what I've just highlighted down here would be a good line to swap this out with. And then even on this bit, I'd go for something even higher level like a you know, work with people, question mark, you know, or like learn a deeper or learn a process to communicate better in your role, you know, whether professional or personal or something, you know, like something that just learn strategies to communicate or build deeper communication or deeper bonds, da da da da da. And then it says something like discover that, you know, the next line is discover neuroaffirming ways to understand and support others.

Speaker A: Right, right. So many thoughts come to mind, Christos. I think for myself, there is always the other side as well, is this notion of what I've been perhaps paying close attention as well. I think it's just the importance of alignment and congruency in the service. So, so, which perhaps in the human sector we don't have it, uh, and then we have even less on the disability sector. Um, and so, and so that's perhaps if they could walk away with the sense of even just asking themselves the question, is my perhaps value, beliefs, philosophy, uh, policies, are they all aligned? Because if they're not any one of those being in misalignment is going to have an impact on your, on your practice, sort of speaking. So I think that'll be perhaps the, you know, that the other elements of alignment and congruency in practice perhaps could be something along those lines.

Speaker B: Yeah, try and— I think on this one, try not to get too— you can't say everything, um, you know, in a flyer like this. It's sort of got to remain so high level that it grabs our attention, and then we're going to learn about their approach obviously by attending. But yeah, and I know it's hard to say, you kind of gotta go to such a high level that it leaves out, you gotta leave out a lot of detail in a way. It's almost like the more detail you can, sometimes it makes us actually think, oh, maybe it's not for me, just trying to keep it very high level and simple. Yep.

Speaker A: As it seems often you're kind of going like quite detailly. Yeah, I, I know, I think it's, I think there has been a few thoughts coming to mind.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: Yep. Cool.

Speaker B: And as far as advertising the two of them. Yeah. There's like obviously a lot of ways potentially to advertise, like if there's any networks you have or database already and social media getting out there, you could potentially run ads on social media like Meta ads, Google ads for sure. Yeah, but like, and any networking type, like business networking events are not a bad one to pop into as well when you've got the flyers and things as well. They can be a good way to get people, you know, bums on seats for sure, or attending webinars, bums on seats on webinars. Totally good as well. And yeah, trying to look for others that might be able to cross-promote is always a good one as well. Yeah. So there's a lot, obviously lots of the stuff we're doing through the whole Clever Bunch. You know, there's a lot of, a lot of ideas. Obviously they take a little bit of work to get momentum on certain things.

Speaker A: Yeah. Is there any specific things you've been doing in the past in terms of promotion? Just been using the Facebook.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And a bit of, um, Instagram and a bit of a LinkedIn and a bit of emailing and yeah, just, just, just, just about it for the time being.

Speaker B: Yeah. The groups on like Facebook groups and LinkedIn groups are a good one to think through as well because there'll be, there'll be groups with your market on both platforms. You know, there'll be support workers on LinkedIn groups and then probably educators groups and things. So checking and really searching around on Facebook and LinkedIn for those where you could potentially get into and promote through. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. But obviously with this one, feel free to make changes and obviously resubmit and, you know, or throw it in the members website so we can just keep it rolling a bit quicker for you as well.

Speaker E: Yep.

Speaker C: Brilliant.

Speaker A: Awesome. Cool. So on that note, then see perhaps then we have all the what you gain, I could potentially then— don't worry too much about all the full description about the fresh perspective in neurobehavioral support.

Speaker E: I could just make it shorter.

Speaker B: Just put the bold words pretty much. Yeah, exactly. It's a bit detail-y. Yeah. Yeah. And you could get that way, you could sort of trim it down a bit more and have a bit more focus up front. And then once again, a testimonial snippet would be awesome as well.

Speaker A: Yep. Yep.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: No, can do that. Yep. Cool.

Speaker B: As always, thanks so much. Appreciate it. No worries. Nice work. And feel free, as I said, to make changes and resubmit. And awesome work for making it happen. And to everyone for today, thank you for the input and well done keeping things moving and implementing, most importantly. And as I said, for everyone, of course, feel free to make changes and resubmit on a future session or throw any questions in the members website if you want a quicker response. And otherwise, thanks again.

Speaker D: We can say thanks, Christy.

Speaker B: Thanks, everyone.

Speaker A: You're welcome.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker E: Bye-bye.

Speaker C: Bye.