Speaker A: So let's go into today's questions. I have actually have one from both of you, and then I also have one from Brooke. So I might do yours first because in case Brooke shows up, Brooke from the nursery. Let me just make sure I'm sharing the right screen. Yes, the one here. So these are the 3 questions. I might just start with Sarah's question first and then Tina, sorry.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: And then we can go back to the nursery one in case Brooke shows up. Sarah, did you want to share a little bit about your question? I've just got a few things for you to, to consider, like a few questions, and also, yeah, to, to have a little chat about a few different things when it comes to, to your approach to Facebook and Google Ads.

Speaker C: Yeah, and I think that when I wrote it, I was like, this is really not going to make much sense. And so I'm just gonna go into my sense, if I can find the damn things, um, so that I can remind myself where we, where we got to. So basically, you know, we are doing very small on both Google and Facebook ads, and we're not really noticing anything, um, significant or meaningful So we're feeling like we need to do something. Um, our Google Ads, um, are geolocated for Australia and New Zealand. Um, but Francesca, you might remember last year that when I brought my numbers to one of the advisories, we noticed that the UK was Um, was showing as regularly people are coming to our website, so we put pounds on the website as a consequence of that discussion with you. So we are wondering whether we extend our Google Ads to include the UK but we would need to make it very significant because— very particular, because the budget will get eaten too quickly if we mindlessly open it up too much. Um, so we're wondering whether to do that. Our Google ad lands on a specific page on our website.

Speaker A: Yeah, which one is it?

Speaker C: So, um, it is hidden. Okay, it's hidden so we can see the Google traffic, but as soon as they are on that page, um, and they decide that they want to look at a particular trip, it will, it will take them to— it looks exactly the same as any other page, and they can maneuver around from there as they would as if they were on the web. Site, but we can see if who actually landed on that page from the Google Ads, and we have the same setup for our Facebook.

Speaker A: Can you send me the link to that page in the chat here so we can have a quick look? And then to answer one of your questions, the first one is, should we target the UK? Where, where are most of your buyers from at the moment, the people that booked? Mostly Australia, right? Yeah, we had anyone from the UK book anything?

Speaker C: Um, we had a couple last year. It was— the decision to go in pounds on our website was really based on the fact that when I did my magic numbers, we could see that the UK was a significant country that was clicking around on our website. I feel like I'm using really bad language here to help you understand what I'm doing, but, um, no, no, I think I get it.

Speaker A: Yeah, and I can see you even have it in pounds here too.

Speaker C: Yes, that was, that was because of bringing those magic numbers to an advisory board with you, and we could see that, um, after Australia and New Zealand, the UK was the next most significant country clicking around on our website. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, great. So, and then the other one you had here was Greece, showing ads in Greece. I don't think you will have Greek customers. They don't have money usually.

Speaker C: No.

Speaker A: UK I can see, and because you have looked at the numbers, the traffic numbers coming from there, I don't think, maybe, did I misunderstand the Greece thing?

Speaker C: Yes, I think you have. So with the highest ranking Google search terms, Okay, so, um, of our, um, Google search terms, the ones that get the best hits are people who are looking for guided sailing tours or sailing trip Greek Islands. And if they search those two terms, we are first and second, um, and, and then they click through to our web page, but the— they're not— our web page is not specifically Greece, and the ad is not specifically Greece either.

Speaker A: Yeah, so UK people are clicking on— they're interested in the stuff in Greece, is that what you're saying?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, can you— have you shared your link with me, or are you able to—

Speaker C: I haven't shared it yet because it's going to take me a moment to find it, and I'm still talking through this, and I'm terrible at doing two things at at once when I don't know what I'm doing.

Speaker A: You know what you're doing. Take your time. Um, just a few things. I think we need to just do little steps here to test. You know, we don't want to throw everything out and don't know what's working. The one, the easiest thing I think to do is let's start with your third question about the spend on Google and Meta.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: And I've had a chat with Christo about this too. And what we both think would be good to do is on Google, keep, keep both rolling, but on Google, make sure that you don't go for more volume, but more, more specific people. So if you already know that, you know, people are searching for sailing or sailing charters in Greece, then maybe that's just more specific rather than just sailing holidays.

Speaker C: Yes, we don't want to go broad.

Speaker A: Oh, go more specific. So that's, that's sort of, but now we're fixing, we're fixing the one side of the funnel, but the side of the funnel that I'm interested in looking at even more so is where are they landing and are they, why are they not taking action? So kind of like the top of the funnel is what exactly is happening and how can we get them to go down the funnel to do the next thing with you?

Speaker C: Okay. Let me find this page. I just need to, because Leadpages has changed somewhat. And I need to find my website again. Where is it?

Speaker A: And maybe while you do that, can I talk? Can you still listen while you find stuff?

Speaker C: Well, I can be able to rewatch it. No, no, no.

Speaker A: I don't want to give you more work. You got enough.

Speaker C: Okay. So here is my website. So now I need to remind myself which page is which. Okay. I'm just going to send them both to you anyway.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Amazing.

Speaker C: Come on, sign in. The wheel of death, because of course I'm waiting.

Speaker A: That's okay. I think you're doing super well and you're testing so many different variables. So let's, you know, let's change maybe one or two things. But the thing that I'm really curious to know is how can we get more people to do something? Like take one tiny action with you.

Speaker C: Yep. Okay.

Speaker A: So not just click on the website, but actually, you know, say yes, I'd like to have more information or I'd like to I'm actually really interested, not just, yeah, I'm browsing.

Speaker C: 2026. Is it this one? What I should just do is send a quick text message to Emma because she'll find them so quickly.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then otherwise we can also go to Tina's question and then we can come back.

Speaker C: Okay, do that and then I'll come back. Perfect.

Speaker A: I'll tell you one more thing and then we'll go to Tina's questions and then we come back to just look at the landing pages. You know how you're doing some partnership with the Royal Yacht Club?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: When is that? When are you doing an event with them? Or are you doing the ads and like your presence? Yeah. Is that already happening?

Speaker C: It's, um, it's due— that publication, whatever it's called, is going to come out in March.

Speaker A: Okay, because you know what would be cool is to align your ads with that geographic area, because the more that you have presence in one area with different touchpoints, the more people will get to know you. And then when they see the ad in the magazine, they're already, oh, I've seen these guys on Meta or like on Facebook or— so it's just, you know, the more touchpoints we have of different channels, the more likely they're going to take action from the ad.

Speaker C: So do you think that we should do that now?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: It's already nearly February.

Speaker A: You should run some ads just, I think that's just Northern Beaches of Sydney, isn't it? That area. And that's where people have money generally anyway.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: So I would probably do some stuff around there and even like, you know, localize it a bit, you know, for Northern Beaches residents, or we can look at the ad next time, but I would, I would make it a bit localized. Or even, you know, for people around the Royal Yacht Club, we are super excited that we're taking a bunch of locals on these trips, you know, make it sound a bit more exciting than that. But then when they see the ad and then they see the magazine, it's like, oh, okay, these guys.

Speaker C: Oh yes, you're right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. I can see that that's a valuable thing to do. Okay.

Speaker A: And then once, if we can prove that strategy, then it might be worse to then go to other yacht clubs, you know, if you can see that this is actually working, then you might have budget to go to other yacht clubs and do the same.

Speaker C: Yeah. All right. Sounds good.

Speaker A: So it's a, it's a lot more focused, a lot more localized, a lot more targeted rather than just broad UK or broad Australia. It's like a specific area.

Speaker C: Yes. Yes. Yes. I don't want to, yeah, our spend is so little.

Speaker A: Yeah, because it's so little, we definitely want to—

Speaker C: yeah, it's little, and I wanted to be sure that it works before I hurl money at it. And I don't have money to hurl at it. I'm working out ways how not to pay myself. I'm like, this is a job, it's not a fucking hobby. I need to get paid.

Speaker A: I agree.

Speaker C: All right, um, go to Tina and I'll get these links for you, and then we can come back to this.

Speaker A: Love it.

Speaker C: Legend.

Speaker A: You are a legend, and I love that you always show up and take action and you just keep going.

Speaker C: Thanks, mate. Thank you.

Speaker A: Hey, Tina, let's do your one.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, do you want to share a little bit, and then Sarah can help with this too?

Speaker B: Um, yeah, so I'm just looking. Okay, so we've revamped our logo.

Speaker A: Yeah, this one here.

Speaker B: Yeah, this one here. Yep.

Speaker A: Oh, I like it. That's so much better than this one.

Speaker B: Yeah, well, so my dad started the business in 1981. Yeah, his idea was to do the checkers, um, because it, it was the, uh, red version of the blue police, you know what I mean?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So that was his theory behind it all. He's a bit devastated we've cut it, but we just thought it's a bit full-on and it's a bit— it needs to be modernized a bit. And if we can work the checkers in somewhere around, you know, we will. But for the signature, it's, um, look, it's old. This is old.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a bit cluttered.

Speaker B: It is. It's a bit— it's so simple.

Speaker A: Yeah. What the main, the main question is, what— when someone sees this, what do you want them to do?

Speaker B: Well, I don't know.

Speaker C: Um, I love that you answered that, because whenever they ask me that, and I've been here for a couple of years now I'm like, I don't bloody know what I want to do.

Speaker A: Well, it changes, you know, like it depends on the season. Again, we talked about this campaigns last time.

Speaker B: Well, I want them to take action. To me, it's just all stuff thrown on a page and I wouldn't click on anything. So, um, that's how I feel about it now. Um, and I don't know. I was sort of thinking— I was looking at your one and I was sort of thinking you've kind of got below yours, you've kind of got 1, 2, 3, this is how you can get to know Basic Bananas more, you know. So I was sitting there going maybe it should be more marketing focused or, or something along the lines of, uh, what did I write here? So in our marketing we've sort of got like rethink security. What we're trying to do is I'm a bit scared too, Sarah, if I'm to be honest, because we're sort of like a locksmith. We're a dying industry, if you like, unless we modernize and go into it. And we're trying— we thought by changing our name to security years ago, back in the '90s, we thought it would go electronic a lot faster. We tried to set up— probably for 15, 20 years now, we've been trying to set up a security division, an electronic division. We haven't had a lot of luck. We've just been backstabbed, all sorts. It's, it's been a nightmare. Um, where we do make most of our money is actually in something called restricted key systems, which is great for our business except it involves— it's sort of like if you imagine a tier system of keys. So the manager, let's say Francesca, you, you, you have access to every single key, so your key opens every single door in your building. Then you go down, you go, okay, my next layer of managers, they can have access to everywhere except my office. And you can go further down. So you can go further down, you can create this sort of matrix, right? And the thing is, they can only get keys cut with us. We design that system. They can only come to us. It's very strict that Francesca can say only myself and Christo can have— can order keys, can— so there's a lot of security around it. The problem we have now is a lot of people are going, oh my God, electronic locks, let's put electronic locks on. They're great, a lot more people can do them, but you lose a bit of security. But also you can get card systems and swipe systems, and we do have them as well, but they're not, they're not, they're not just out, they can move that whole system. So it's not, it's not At the moment they can't move their system. If they wanted to move the system, they would have to rekey with someone else completely, which is a, is a big thing. So that's why a lot of our clients have actually been with us for many, many years. Right. So I guess the reason for the Rethink Security is I think a lot of people, a lot of people these days, they're all about themselves, which is great. Health, wellness, fitness. You know, there's so much going on, but in a business sense, I find people were probably going, "Oh my God, cyber hacking," all that kind of stuff. So they're forgetting about their physical security. So I'm sort of thinking, I don't know if I'm right, I don't know if the market thinks this at all or if the market isn't educated in this, but their physical security, there's basic stuff people don't do that I take for granted. And when I speak to people and I say stuff, they go, "Oh, I'd never thought of that." And I've gone, How could you not think of that? Like, that is your physical security. So what happens is with alarms, um, it— that's already someone that's broken in. The alarm goes off once someone's broken in. Cameras, they're only useful— yes, they can deter a little bit, but also what happens is they're only used when someone's committed an offense or something. So with, um, locks and stuff, we're trying to say to people Um, uh, look at your physical security. Don't let anyone in. We help, help lock them out, so to speak, so they're not even getting in your building. Do you know what I mean? So, and I'm just getting people to start thinking, rethink your security. I mean, the marketing company that helped us with this before we met you guys that were doing our website, they sort of went, oh my God, that's my business, hang on. I'd never thought of key systems and all that kind of stuff, you know. So, um, that— my point is, maybe that's where I got the Rethink Security from. Actually, he did. He came up with it. That wasn't me. And he said Rethink Security, sort of thinking getting companies to be aware. But does Rethink Security actually mean anything to people? Do you know what I mean? To me it does. So that's where I got that from. And then the other thing I was thinking was that our business purpose is Securing what matters most, right? It's very broad, but what matters most to Francesca might be very different to what matters most to Sarah and what matters most to me.

Speaker A: So what do you mean by what matters most? Is it your life?

Speaker B: Securing, securing what matters most. So you're securing what matters most, um, or you could say protecting, but protecting sort of can be your personal. So you could secure— so if you're a business, securing your assets, securing your building to ensure your staff are safe, doing, um, I don't know, is it very vague, do you think?

Speaker A: Well, because if, if somebody said we help you secure what matters most, I'm like, well, what matters most is probably not stuff, but it's probably my life. Yeah, my, my health, my well-being. Like, that's probably more important than the house and the business and the things.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So, and I don't know that that's what you are aiming at.

Speaker B: No, it's not actually. So I'm glad you mentioned it that way. I hadn't looked at it that way before. So, um, I don't know, that's just sort of what we came up with. We thought that made sense.

Speaker A: So I actually like where you're going. The first part you said, you know, you're not doing— because you don't want to compete with cyber security, all this stuff, like that's not your thing. Your thing is more like physical stuff.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So I think that's probably what needs to be in your tagline needs to be something more about— I don't think it's securing what matters most because I think my life and my mind and my health is probably more important than a car, things, assets. So I think it's more maybe we need to find some, a catchphrase that, yeah, that talks about the physical things that we want to secure.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay, yeah, that'd be good.

Speaker C: Yeah, you've worked hard for your— to collect your assets, now make sure that you're in the best possible scenario to protect them.

Speaker A: I guess, is it, is it physical assets, securing your physical assets? Probably not even just that, right? Yeah, probably.

Speaker B: Yeah, probably securing your physical assets. Probably. Yeah, that would be the main thing.

Speaker A: I'm just going to ask ChatGPT too. Something along the lines of securing your— because we do need, you know, I was thinking even on this logo would be cool because this doesn't tell me— again, if I go here, this could be cyber security, this could be any kind of security.

Speaker B: Absolutely. Okay, so that's one of our problems is that we have to add to our vans, we have to put locksmiths underneath, we have to— on a lot of what we do, we have to put locksmiths because people go, are you a security guard company? Yeah, security screen door company.

Speaker A: Exactly.

Speaker B: Security is such a broad word, and I'm glad you brought that up because it is too broad. It's not clear what we do.

Speaker A: No, it is not.

Speaker B: No, it's not. No.

Speaker A: Um, yeah, look, I just, I just asked it. Some of these are like okay, but I would, I would just be a bit more specific, you know. I just asked ChatGPT for some stuff here. So the first one is probably the best one. Like, that's okay too.

Speaker C: I do like 10.

Speaker A: Which one? Like 10? Yeah.

Speaker C: 10. I like it because it's actually in language that's resonates with the fact that I am scared that, you know, stuff gets stolen, my stuff gets stolen, or whatever. Like, it is— it's about me. Yeah, it's about, um—

Speaker A: it is.

Speaker B: But what we're trying to do— our business is 50% residential, 50% business. We're actually trying to convert more over to business. Um, yeah, because there's a— they're repeat customers, whereas 100%, uh, residentials are one-offs. And to be honest, they're very price conscious and they, um, are very time-consuming and they want everything for— like, it's not our ideal customer, do you know what I mean?

Speaker C: So then what about 15, secure the site, protect the value?

Speaker A: Is your customer a lot of businesses? Yes, mainly businesses, uh, 50%. Oh, you said 50%, and then that's where we're going.

Speaker B: We're going— sorry, we're going to 70, 80. That's where we want to get to.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So we're going to—

Speaker A: I like that. I think it's a good market, the, the business.

Speaker B: Yes. So at the moment, just so you know, we do Coles supermarkets for all of, um, WA. We have done for the last 30, 35 years. We do councils, we do Kmart, we do Liquorland, we do— wow, um, IGA stores, we do— okay, that's all retail. What else? Um, oh, aged care facilities is a big one. It's a great one for us. Um, schools, uh, colleges, universities, all that type of— they're the customers we want. They're the customers we're going to be focused on. Or your general businesses. So what happens is a lot of— we don't want to be tendering for work. We're going to try and find a niche somehow. I don't know how we're struggling to find a niche because, yeah, we are. We just— that's another topic.

Speaker A: But, but that is a niche. Your business is targeting businesses is a niche.

Speaker B: Yeah, I know, but everyone does it. So all our competition, we don't stand out from our competition. Everyone does it. And I can't even—

Speaker A: all the ones that you mentioned to me are like— most of them that you mentioned to me have shopfronts.

Speaker B: Yes, most have shopfronts. Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, maybe that is your niche. It's businesses with shopfronts. That's a huge, amazing niche. Like specializing in businesses that have—

Speaker B: when you say shop front, because we do a lot of industrial as well and a lot of warehouses and, and that sort of thing.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah, I guess, yeah, businesses with shop fronts, warehouses.

Speaker B: But then again, yeah, where, where I'm actually going to take this, just so you know, is You like that one? Protecting your physical assets.

Speaker A: Yeah, for now that's my, that's my favorite one.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then if you come back to this.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: So I would, I would then integrate this in here.

Speaker B: Yep. Underneath.

Speaker A: Yep. So that it's again, people don't have to ask what is this. This is like personal safety.

Speaker B: Sort of like in italics, you mean? Like that's—

Speaker A: You can just add it. Did your designer do this or did you do this?

Speaker B: The designer might do this.

Speaker A: Your designer can just say add the tagline and they will just align it nicely under here. Yep.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then here, obviously we need to simplify big time and we need to think about what do we want? We really, I guess this kind of industry, we probably just want them to give you a call. Or do you do like a, do you have like, what would be the first step for some, let's say I have a warehouse and I'm a bit worried. I want to, you know, make sure I have the right protection to protect my assets, you know, all the goods that I have in the warehouse. What would be the next thing? So I give you a call and then what would be the next thing? Do you do a site visit or an assessment, or what's the thing that you do?

Speaker B: If it's big enough, we would do a site visit. Yeah, yeah, usually businesses, we would do a site visit. Yeah, so on our website we have, um, sort of, um, it's in like they're in sections, so I can go specifically to a page but you can't put that on the bottom of an email, do you know what I mean? Like, so for the school, I have a page for education, I have a page for aged care, councils, government, that sort of thing.

Speaker A: So I guess you could just do here, you could just say call this number to book us. I don't think you need a fax, nobody really does a fax.

Speaker B: No, I'm going to get rid of that. I saw that. No, that's going. Well, I think you could just say a really specific call to action.

Speaker A: And also, kind regards is maybe a bit too formal. Okay, I think these days you can probably be a little bit less formal than— can you?

Speaker B: Yeah, like, what do you mean?

Speaker A: Like, no, or, or something security related, like, let me see.

Speaker B: Ah, okay, you know, like, um, yeah, change it up.

Speaker C: Yeah, uh, what does your van— the picture on your, um, signature that is the van, what does it What does it say on it?

Speaker B: I have no idea. I honestly don't know. We've had it for that long. I think everyone just— I think it's— I have no idea. I think, you know, like something like that.

Speaker A: Here, Tina, this one, like, stay secure, you know, something like— something that is a bit more— or stay safe, or, or, you know, committed to your security, something that is a bit more Right, so that's how you sign off? Yeah, instead of kind regards, you do something like this.

Speaker B: Wow, that's different.

Speaker A: But you have to like it, because if you don't like it—

Speaker B: oh, absolutely.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it makes cringe. And yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, I'll have a look at that.

Speaker A: But it could even be this. Yeah. Or if you want to be a little bit more formally, you can still do this. And then I would— yeah, so we get rid of this here. And then maybe just—

Speaker B: we've got two branches. Should I, should I add both branches in or not?

Speaker A: No, I don't think so. I think we want them to just do one thing, and that is to call this number to book a site visit.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So book—

Speaker B: would you say please call?

Speaker A: Yeah, please call this number here. So please call at number to book a site visit. Okay, because if we have all these different call to actions here, nobody's going to do anything.

Speaker B: They're not. I wonder, I don't know what all this stuff is here.

Speaker A: Like, as a, as a business owner, I'm like, I don't know what all this stuff is, I'm not interested. But a site visit, and you might have to add a little, a little reason why. Book a, book a site visit now to make sure your assets are protected. To make sure your physical assets are protected or safe. Just that, and delete, get rid of all this other stuff here and just have that.

Speaker C: Warm regards, Tina. If you wanted a picture under there, I'm just wondering if the picture of the van, maybe the wording on that picture says all of the other stuff that you've got there in Yeah, that's the old van.

Speaker B: We've just— we're just rebranding. So I would put in— if I was going to do that, I'd put the new van in. Yeah, with the new logo.

Speaker A: But yeah, so the thing that this kind of stuff, it's just a tiny email signature. The more— ours is actually needs to simplify too. Like having 3 call to actions, it's actually not that good. Yeah, you looked at our email signature, it's cute, but it's too much. And it's just one thing. It is. And Just maybe promote the latest thing. So for us, it probably could just be join the next AI class. That's it. Nothing else. Too much confusion. It shouldn't really have all this other social media stuff here. Just book a site visit to keep your physical assets safe. And that's the message, your constant message. And that's when you become known in your area. Your constant message is we are the specialists in helping you to keep your physical assets safe.

Speaker B: There is no mention of locksmiths though. So there we've got master locks, safe, and electronics, you know what I mean? That's what, that's what we do, the locksmith, safe, and electronic technicians. So our primary is the locksmith. So if I get rid of everything, there's no mention of anything locksmiths because you still want to do this stuff too.

Speaker A: Like, like the locksmiths, are, are those for also private homes, or that's for the, the companies?

Speaker B: The locksmiths are the only ones that can go out to the companies.

Speaker A: Yeah, but then that's just a feature of the outcome.

Speaker B: Yeah, I see what you're saying.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's just the feature is locksmith. The benefit is that my—

Speaker B: and usually if they're contacting us and it's an email signature, they already know what we do.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not like I don't, I don't care if it's a locksmith that fixes my stuff or anyone else, or a technician. I just want mate. I just want to say safe business.

Speaker B: Yep, I agree with you.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then you've got the website twice there, you've got it underneath. Yes, yes, yes, good point. Yep. Um, so should I just— so what you're saying is put it like different kind regards, then what would you still put? Like obviously your name, the address, get rid of the fax. Yeah, get rid of the PO box.

Speaker A: Yeah, I don't need it. Really, that's irrelevant, really, because they can go to your website if they want to send you something. The less the better.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then should I have the, um, website on there?

Speaker A: Yeah, I reckon you can have the website. Yeah.

Speaker B: And then just basically get rid of everything below it, keep the new logo, put a tagline under that.

Speaker A: Done.

Speaker B: And that's it. Call to action. Yeah, that's it. Done.

Speaker A: That's it. Simple, simple, simple, simple. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Now back to this one here, Sarah. This one is, this is the Google Ads one.

Speaker C: Are they different? Well, I think they're not actually that different. I think that, I think, no, they're just the same.

Speaker A: I think it's just that the tracking will be different.

Speaker C: Yes, it's the tracking that's different.

Speaker A: Yeah, one is tracking Facebook, one is tracking Google. So let's just think, Tina, let's think we come here on a, from an ad, we see an ad, we look at this sailing holiday, we come here. The next thing we want for Sarah is for me, you, to go and take action.

Speaker C: So we have the, we, I mean, the opportunities are to book now or the free guide. Or to go through to each of the tours.

Speaker A: Have you looked at if they, do they go through these? Do people click through this?

Speaker C: I'd have to have a look.

Speaker A: Maybe, yeah, maybe have a little look at the sitemap to see what they do. I'm just thinking if I came here and I'm cold and I see, I've thought, no, that would be kind of cool to go to Greece next year. What would make me do something else here? I'm probably not ready to book because I've never met you.

Speaker C: No, and nobody is.

Speaker B: I like the idea of the free guide. I like everything. I don't know if I like that 'Why Travel With Us' in there. I don't know why, I just, uh, it's a bit salesy, probably.

Speaker C: It's probably— that's been— that's come from, um, uh, advisory board feedback. Wouldn't you—

Speaker A: didn't you have like first like a welcome, you know, welcome to— welcome to your dream holiday?

Speaker B: Oh, I like that.

Speaker A: You know, like, like, it straight away sells me you rather than the holiday.

Speaker B: Why travel with us?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's like, yeah, yeah, generally we always have like a sort of like a welcome to something, like, welcome to your dream holiday. Imagine, you know, spending your summer holiday— well, for us it's winter holidays— imagine.

Speaker B: You know what, French? Yeah, I agree with you, because why travel with us? We all go, why choose us? Why travel with— I don't know, I feel like it's been overused. We need to move on now.

Speaker A: I don't know, and I'm also not ready yet. I don't even know you.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.

Speaker B: True, true, true, true.

Speaker A: All right, you keep this copy, but just add at the top a bit more, like, why should I keep reading? Oh, welcome to your dream holiday. Imagine sleeping, you know, we've talked about this so much before, Sarah. We talked about just painting the picture a bit more. Imagine waking up to the sound of the ocean, or whatever we— all the things we've written before. That are emotive. And then, and then I probably, you know, because yes, okay, that guide is good, but also if I'm a little bit interested, I probably would also like a button. So, you know, do a bit of the painting the picture, imagine this and that, and then I would probably have a button where you say book a chat with one of our travel organizers.

Speaker B: Yeah, because some people don't— they're time conscious, they don't want to read it all, they just want to just I want to talk to someone.

Speaker A: Yeah, I want to talk to someone.

Speaker C: Yeah, scroll down further. Does it have that?

Speaker B: This is all good. I like all this.

Speaker A: It's great. Yeah, and the images is beautiful.

Speaker C: Great.

Speaker B: Then you got a review and you got photos. I like all that.

Speaker A: You might have it inside the pages. I would just do a little— this, you don't need to change much, Sarah, but you need to change this and make it more pending the, the vision that I want to achieve by booking you. I would definitely have, yeah, and I would definitely have a thing where it's just super easy, just book a chat and it's attached to your calendar link and I can book in and speak to a real person to talk through these different options here.

Speaker C: Do you know that we have, um, a book a chat, um, on the, in the rest of the website and we've never ever ever had anyone book a chat.

Speaker A: Look, you've booked a call with Sarah. Really?

Speaker C: Never. 100% never.

Speaker A: Look here, it's actually in here.

Speaker C: Yep, it's there, but it's— when I've never been booked like that.

Speaker A: Really?

Speaker B: Wow. Yeah, right.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's interesting.

Speaker B: It is interesting.

Speaker A: I wonder why they're not booking, because that's a bit concerning, because that's kind of the next step, the next warm step. I mean, the, the next warm step is, okay, give me a guide, but then the next warm step is talk to someone, because nobody No traffic is going to book this from the website without speaking to someone.

Speaker B: Could it be that the inquire buttons on the other page, or wherever it was, are too far down? People aren't getting down to it? Maybe, maybe.

Speaker C: Um, we— when I look at my Hotjar, which shows me— yeah, we've got, um, we do have an amazing, um What, whatever that is, how far they go down the page. I think they, our average is that they get down to 75% of the page.

Speaker A: Why don't you try that? Why don't you add the future vision and then add a little button which says, and maybe you need to say complimentary, book a, book a complimentary chat with our travel expert, Sarah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: All right, and then so that's that on this page. I think the rest you don't need to change. This is really good. And then just on the, on the other things we said, and then we need to review the nursery website. Then on the other thing we said, do spend some advertising in the local area for the Royal Yacht Club. Yeah, and for the Google Ads, make it— you've done that, I think— make it specific. We don't want broad. We want specific, like, yeah.

Speaker C: So then do we not want to go to England, for example?

Speaker A: Most of, I just feel like most of your bookings, I would go where most of your people have booked from.

Speaker C: Okay. So that's Australia and some New Zealand. Yeah.

Speaker A: I just feel like there's still a big market here that is untapped.

Speaker C: So then do we take the, the pound off our website?

Speaker A: No, because You might still eventually go there. I think you can keep it there.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker A: I would probably concentrate on one country until we really have the thing nailed.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker A: You know, I would, I would, I would hone in on Australia and then nail it, nail the funnel, nail the inquiries. We want inquiries. For now, all we want is people to inquire about this.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's the next problem we need to solve is, okay, we have traffic. The next problem we need to solve is how do we get the traffic to actually inquire? That's the only problem you need to solve. The rest then can, can be solved later.

Speaker B: Sarah, who books? Who, who actually takes action and physically books with you? What's the— what's that demographic?

Speaker C: The demographic is kind of, um, in their 50s, probably 60s. Um, look, it used to be that yacht clubs were our main source, but it's not anymore. Um, and they are very, um, sorted now in doing it for themselves. They are still attending a yacht club, but— or, or, yeah, they're sort of older, financially secure, um, still keen to travel, and don't want to do all the work themselves.

Speaker B: Yeah, um, that's who I thought it was. Yeah, okay.

Speaker C: All right, but 75% of our stuff is repeat client. We— and, um, and then another 20-something is referral. We really don't, um, get new clients enough, as much as I'd like to.

Speaker B: Yeah, sounds like us.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which is what you're trying to fix now with these campaigns. I just feel like we need to concentrate them Maybe not going to new countries, but stay here, but let's fix the little things and see if that, as I said, the only thing we need to fix now is we need to get people to book for calls for the next holiday.

Speaker C: So do we keep the Google Ads at the moment with 97 unique visitors? Do we keep it as it is at the moment?

Speaker A: Keep it as it is. I think you actually are getting visitors, but they're not taking action. So we need to do stuff here to get them to take action.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, and that's the only thing to fix now. Test that and then see, is that, you know, even if you get like 1 or 2 booked in, what kind of people are they, what's working, and then you can reassess again.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Then this one here, quickly, last one from Brooke, is this website. If anyone here can just give Brooke, who is not here today, some feedback too. This is her new website. It's not live.

Speaker B: I really love it.

Speaker C: I love it.

Speaker B: I love it. Like, love it.

Speaker A: I love her imagery. Her imagery is super gorgeous.

Speaker B: Absolutely.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: I love the movement that comes lower down when I saw it just before when you were scrolling through. There's no movement at the top.

Speaker A: Yeah. I think I saw it before. Even this image here, this is the team here. It's beautiful.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I like it.

Speaker A: The images. Yeah. She's done really, really well.

Speaker C: Yes. The movement. The movement in the reviews there. I like that.

Speaker A: That's right.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: It's really, really well done. And the photos, the photos make everything. This product is all about photos.

Speaker B: I actually really like it.

Speaker A: The only thing, a few tiny things I would say is this is really hard to read this, this color on this text. Yeah. Because it's, so either the image here needs to be faded out or this needs to, I would say this needs to just be on a little bit more of a background, this text, especially this part here. Really hard. I don't know if you want to have a mobile number on here. I probably would see if you can get a landline. You can redirect the landline to a mobile, or maybe you're happy to get all the spam calls on here. And then the other thing, it's really well done. Here, down here, exactly here, join our garden club. I think that's good. I wonder if you, does the garden club have a name? If not, it's fine, but this word here, our, because I was maybe going to say join the Glebe Garden Club, but it's that, that's where the nursery is located on Glebe. Join the Join the garden lovers club. I don't know. It is, this is too much about you. Maybe it's garden lovers club or another word in between here. And then here again, words broke like sign up.

Speaker C: That was what I was just going to say. Get rid of, just go straight into receive 10% off your Install purchase. Oh, your first install purchase. And don't worry about sign up to our newsletter.

Speaker A: I agree. And then instead of subscribe, you can also say something else like yes, please.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that's it. Really awesome work.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's pretty good.

Speaker A: Really good. Really good. There's a little bit of like white space here and stuff, but that's fine. It is a visual.

Speaker C: I just feel like it crisps it up because this, this picture here is it's— there's a lot in it. And then you get some room, you get this kind of moment of, you know, just chill in the next scroll down, and then you get some more information. I just— I, I think she, she was— I knew she was a little creative one when she's very good.

Speaker A: Yeah, she's very good.

Speaker C: Yeah, she is.

Speaker B: Oh, she needs to do ours actually. I, I actually agree with you, she needs to put something behind the top there, make the, um Yes, it's a bit hard. It's lost.

Speaker A: Yeah, it will be easy to just put a little fade behind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Really awesome work.

Speaker B: Yeah, because that's your call to action, that, that's what you, you, that's the whole point of it, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, because it's a physical location, it's— yeah, yeah, it needs to have the address really clear on there. Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, that was really good.

Speaker A: Awesome. Yeah, really awesome work for all of you. So, Tina, you've got some really specific things to do.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And then we can have a look again. And then also, Sarah, let's focus on local area, Northern Beaches. There's money there.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: So focus on that, and maybe you can come up with some ad campaigns and we can have a look again at your ad campaigns for that. And then for that website, just fix that website and just, let's just think strategically, what do we need to do for someone to do something with you? Book a call generally, or email you, do something. It's the most important thing. And then from there, let's see how we can then move the people down that funnel. Because I'm going from really cold, I want a holiday, to then getting to know you and selecting the right person that I'm going to spend my money with, to then going, yeah, cool, I like— Sarah has been so helpful, they've got all these different options, it's been really nice to talk to her, she's been sending me resources, then I'm booking.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, awesome work. Nice to see you.

Speaker C: Keep going.

Speaker A: I will see you next week. I'm actually doing this again next week.

Speaker C: Okay, great. Lovely.

Speaker A: If you want to come with updates next week, that would be awesome. I'll be there again.

Speaker C: Okay, lovely.

Speaker B: Beautiful.

Speaker A: Awesome. Good to see you so much.

Speaker C: Thanks.

Speaker A: Bye-bye.