Speaker A: So for today, today's session, 2 questions. Well, 2, there's multiple parts to these that have been sent through. Jody not here yet. All right, no, sure, because what we might do is switch the order and start with you, Kat. Okay. Yeah, let's do that. So then we'll come back to Jodie, see if she arrives, and if not, Jodie will get the recording anyway, but we'll switch it around. So I'll read out your question, which you only sent through a moment ago unless Heidi was—

Speaker B: I did, I did.

Speaker C: I sent it through, I was a last minute, just in case.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, you got in. It's, it's, it's one we can totally discuss. Like, you know, obviously for myself, it's not like something we're reviewing a ton of content or anything like that. So this one's totally fine. Didn't know if it was Heidi that had missed the email, you know, like, that's all good.

Speaker B: Not at all.

Speaker A: She did her job. Okay. Good job.

Speaker B: Very swiftly, I might add.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Good.

Speaker B: That's good.

Speaker A: And you asked basically how we can use our website effectively to encourage people to provide their details to get into your database, basically to get them in your database. Where's the best place to position and how often to try and capture visitors' details? Happy to bring your website along. Yeah, if you want to pop your, the URL in the chat And that way everyone can, well, so this like basically this is like an opt-in, right? We're talking about like the, an opt-in to try and capture, say name and email of someone that lands on the site.

Speaker B: Yeah. So I've been kind of looking at things and I have already a, sort of a lead magnet as such, you know, and down, you know, download your complimentary guide. I'm just finding my— going back to you to find you and also the chat to put the link in. Just let me do that. Okay, that should be there. Yeah, so there. Okay, you've got it there. Fantastic. So I have what I thought is the right thing, and I've brought this before to Basic Bananas, and I've done some rejigging of the site, you know, over, over time. And this is the sort of current iteration. So having the banner at the top and then this guide to encourage people to think about if they're going to engage me for work, that this guide could be useful for them to actually download before they even get in touch with me. So that it gives them an opportunity to think through some things. These are questions I'd probably ask if we were having a conversation anyway. And it just asks them to pause and think about why are they thinking about bringing in a facilitator or a coach or somebody like me who works with teams. So it's a bit of a reflective exercise. Um, and so they can download that. I've got on pages, you know, contact me, different things, but I probably don't have much more than this apart from if people find the site, there's a popup that will often happen about, um, you can sign up for the news, my newsletter, right? And then I'm thinking, well, I'm, I'm not getting massive traction for it, you know, get a few but not lots. I've asked Chat what Chat thinks, and Chat says, well, given the nature of your work, you know, it's, you're not probably going to have masses. Not like I'm kind of, I don't know, I can't remember what it said, but, you know, comparing it to different sorts of sites and things like that, being a service, etc., it, it probably is a bit you know, less than what other sites might.

Speaker A: Yeah, not like an app, you get tens of thousands of people do a free trial or something.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's a— exactly, that's right. So I'm just trying to think, when people arrive at the website, if they don't download that guide, if they don't sign up to receive the newsletter for whatever reason, they think they don't want to, What other ways, or how else can I encourage people to stay on the site and/or, yeah, provide their details? You know, I was thinking, do I need a resources page where there's more resources available that people can download, or do I need other pages that are linking? Each time they go to a page, there's some way of encouraging people to, to provide their information.

Speaker A: You can, like, I'll give you a bit of feedback on these ones and then, but just jump it, just starting with what you mentioned there, you can create multiple. Obviously it creates a bit more work where it could be something like it's a, you know, free resources to create change in your organization and then you have a few different things like, you know, a resource for someone that might have the challenge of, I don't know, the leadership's not working or the next one, there's, you know, toxic team or something. The next one, there could be, you know, people just spinning their wheels, no creativity. Like there could be some different resources. It obviously makes more work. And then the same thing goes, you, as the, you mentioned, you're not a massive volume kind of website. You're not like a news site where you exactly is going to be like, thousands every day and, you know, hundreds opting in. So, but it can, on the other hand, then be worth it because a sale can be so valuable to you. Like one sale is a, you know, is a substantial, you know, creates substantial income. So it can be worth considering, are there, you know, not, I wouldn't go overboard, but are there like 2, even maybe 3 different things that pretty much any organization, you know, who fits the profile of your customer would want one of these resources. So it definitely is worth it. It's like it's, but it just creates them more work. The good news is with AI, you can probably, you know, create the resource pretty quickly. Obviously, somehow it still takes time to massage things and put them in your own voice and your own opinion. You'll never get opinion out of AI. And even case studies, obviously they're things you could add in. So you could do that to create different offerings. It's like us, sometimes we change our opt-in. At one point, not that long ago, we had 3 separate opt-ins on the homepage. There's one for, you know, here's a video training on the marketing ecosystem to pull together all your marketing. And then there was a different one, like here's how to create a one-page marketing plan, different one, you know, to get out these marketing tips delivered to your inbox. So just something because one might not resonate, you know, and then exactly. Yeah. And, um, so, but at the same time, yeah, it's just, it sort of, it creates the more work, but it is, I think in your case, it's worth creating because in a good way to look at it too is if you create it, you can, even though you're giving it as an opt-in and you make a resource, there's no reason you can't turn it into the same content into an article on your LinkedIn. Profile, you know, you could chop it up into 5 different social media posts. Like you might have 5 tips and you use each one as a, so you're just trying to think of a way to get more value out of it. And then even a customer might sign up working with you and you go, hey, here's a little guide that, you know, we'll send to all of your team or you send it after session 1 of their workshops or something. You know, you can use the resource in other ways.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I mean, I do have, I do have resources like One of the resources I've been working on with a colleague is about leadership coaching superpowers, and now we're working on team superpowers. We actually have quite an extensive guide around that and an infographic and a little planner and what have you. And we've actually been doing regular posts on LinkedIn, and we've had a few people contact to say, can I get a copy of that? I've had work come out of that actually too. So it's been kind of significant sorts of things that have happened as a result. So I'm happy to put that guide as a resource on the website. But then it's like, okay, so where do these, where do these go? Do I need another little, um, panel at the top to say resources so that it's clear for people? Do I need— is, you know, so they're positioned well for people to, to interact with?

Speaker A: Yeah, so absolutely. And that sounds good. If it's something that people have already liked, that's a good indication. Sometimes it's even a title of something you've created in the past. Like, you see a social media post, one got, you know, 30 likes and the others get 3, then, you know, that could be a good title for the resource or the content or the, you know, the resource piece. And then in terms of where to put it, you could create if, like, sometimes you'll know the site the way around a bit better than me, but like sometimes it might be that you'll put a different one on different almost like services pages. So if it's about team development and you've got a, and that resource really creates to that offering, you might put it on that page. Makes sense because I'm only gonna go to what's of interest to me. So I, I land here and I might see, oh, facilitating workshops, culture development. That's what we're looking for right now. So I'm gonna go to what I'm looking for and I've got my blinkers on like we all do this on websites. I didn't even realize that you also do creative, you know, residence or creative leadership, even though it was the next menu item down. I didn't see it. You know what I mean? That's how we kind of operate as the customer. So you could put them on the relevant, you know, services pages. You could also, when you create articles, sometimes at the bottom of an article, there might be a certain resource that relates more to the article. So the bottom of a, of say an article, whether it's on your website, on LinkedIn, social posts, wherever, you could then link to that resource as an opt-in to drive people from that article. So if you've, you get the idea, like if you've written an article on, you know, let's say coaching or something, individual coaching or creativity or something, and then hey, by the way, I also do individual coaching, you know, like, and here's the resource or whatever the resource is. So it's a way to kind of get people from like just viewing and reading to at least then opting in and engaging as a next step. So that can be sometimes you, or if you wanted to, you could, if you did an article like on the website here on the blog, you might even just say on the bottom of every article, it could have a section here where it says, you know, oh, you've got download your copy. So that's like an opt-in, exactly that kind of thing there. Or you might have a section here where it says, you know, grab free resources at the bottom of every article. And it might say, you know, inspiring culture in your organization, how to, you know, reunite your team and re-energize the next ones, how to encourage leadership, you know, it might have all of them like a few different things right there.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So there's an option. And then also the homepage, you could see where it's relevant. Like this is good, this is good positioning, But you might even, as we scroll down, you know, there could be another sort of bar here. There's a divider with another opt-in. You just sort of stagger them throughout. It might be that if you've got one that you feel is really juicy, you could even do a content block like this entire section where you kind of go, you know, say what the resource is, 5 steps to creating creative change. In this resource, I cover this, this, this, this, this, this, this, 5 steps or whatever, and the points, and then download now. So you can have a little, like, a section like that.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay.

Speaker A: What, what I see, what I sort of touched on just before is, at the start, I'll give a little bit of feedback on, on these existing ones. Download your complimentary guide doesn't tell us enough about what it is. I don't care. Like, so no one wants a guide, right? Like, that's just telling us this is a guide. So I don't even, even in my head, I might think, is this like her sales proposal? Like, is it her services list? Even though it, because what's a guide? Do you know what I mean? Okay. Is this a guide to buying from you? Is it a guide with how you work? Okay. Once I click, now I get Ah, okay. You know, download, it could be like download or like 5 essential steps to catalyst change, free ebook, you know, or something like that. Or, yep, you know, and basically have that sitting there. So it says something like that or it says something like 5 essential steps to catalyst change. You know, instant access or something like that, or download now.

Speaker B: Yep. Okay. So, all right. So that download your complimentary guide is not compelling enough. It doesn't give information. So it needs to be something that's a bit more descriptive than what's currently there to encourage people to maybe Download.

Speaker A: Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's like even if it said free ebook colon, you know, 5 steps to catalyst change and that's what you got sitting there. Like, do you know what I mean? That sounds a bit juicier. The word free in marketing, the marketing world, you know, apparently it has a, we sort of have a trigger reaction that we pay attention to it. Everyone loves a freebie. So, so free kind of like gets your attention. So it did say something like, you know, free, free ebook, or it's around the other way, 5 steps to catalyst change, you know, column free ebook, you know, and it's like basically I get click there to get it.

Speaker B: All right. If that's the case, then where it says innovative facilitation back on that banner. So just, yeah, go back to the banner. Yeah. So keep, keep at the moment in a bit of facilitation coaching services. Do I change that paragraph? And if I'm going to say free, or say I've got 5 Essential Steps to Catalyze Change free ebook, do I just get rid of all of that there, or do I keep any of that? What, what do you think?

Speaker A: Pretty much get rid of that. Yeah, it's like, because our eyes are going, we kind of pay attention to this. Okay, I get what you are. This is good. And then I jump, my eyes jump straight here to the orange, download your complimentary guide. It's like most people wouldn't even connect this is related to this, if that makes sense. We're sort of too fickle when we're on there. We're not reading word for word. Yeah. So yeah, just, I just make that a bit more explanatory and yeah, that's, and that's, that's all you need.

Speaker B: And let's get rid of that small copy.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yep. Could I say, could I just keep one line, maybe say something about these valuable? No, no, maybe not. Maybe, maybe you're right. Maybe it's just a free ebook, blah, blah. There it is rather than valuable prompts. You know, to help you gain insight or something like that. You know, maybe it's just too much information there and it just needs to be simplified.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yes. And then the other one, um, I had a similar thought. I've lost it. Uh, oh, it was the popup. That's why I've lost it. Um, The popups said newsletter. I can't remember exactly what it said, but it said something like subscribe to our newsletter. Now the same word, same thing pops out like a newsletter or a guide we don't want. Whereas if it said something like, you know, subscribe to our monthly Short Sharp Creativity Tips or whatever, or you give it a name, you know, subscribe to our our monthly 3-minute creativity tip or exercise, you know, something where it's like, oh, I get a valuable thing, not a newsletter.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. I need to think that because I do send out a monthly communication and I'm gonna say newsletter for now. And that has different stories in it. So those different, that newsletter that goes out has some different stories. Which then links to the blog, you know, so, so there's little short pieces in the newsletter and then there's a, the link to actually take them to the blog on my website from that newsletter. And then I often use that blog from the newsletter as a LinkedIn post and link it back again to the website. So, so what to call it if I'm not saying sign up to the newsletter, then I don't know, maybe it's just monthly creative prompts or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, something like that. Exactly. It's just something where at least there's a bit of like, I get what I'm getting, something of value.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like, you know, if it's that, you know, our monthly tips and tricks, but a little bit more info like, like what you've said, like creative prompts, our monthly creativity booster, you know, something. So like, okay, this sounds interesting if I'm your target market, this thing sounds of interest, I'll get some value here.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, and this all should help. Obviously, you're still not a huge volume, so don't expect it to rain overnight, but Exactly.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And another general feedback, the site is looking great.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah. And just the understanding, remember, we were kind of like, like, we know what you do, but how does anyone who know what, you know, when they arrive, like, it was sort of like, it was hard to get a hook there because you can kind of COVID so much for an organization that it's way clearer now.

Speaker B: I'm so pleased to hear that. That makes my heart sing, I have to say. So that's really good. Should I keep transforming organizations through creative leadership and human connection? Is that—

Speaker A: I think so.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Because, like, yeah, I think so. I think this almost tells me the most. So innovative facilitating and coaching services.

Speaker B: Maybe I should swap them.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think so, because this is kind of like really what you're doing, right? You're transforming organizations through creative leadership and human connection. Like, I think that's good. Like, I think that's almost like the, that's really what you're doing. The process is facilitation and coaching.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's right. That's true. Somebody said to me about the H1 tags and H2 tags, you know, like what the SEO thing when people are searching. What do they, you know, what are they searching for and which one might give the better search result?

Speaker A: Yeah, in my opinion, you get better search results from this as well.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Because facilitation and coaching is general and you're against every form of facilitation and coaching on the planet.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know what I mean? There's facilitators of everything under the sun. There's coaches of every kind under the sun. Whereas a, you know, transforming Google and the search platforms are pretty good at understanding different meanings to the words now, like, I'm sorry, same meanings, different words. So if I say transforming or assisting or helping, it's kind of like, okay, I get what you're saying. It kind of like the search engines understand it. And you've got like organizations, creative leadership. Like, I think there's almost a little bit more in this for that's unique, if that makes sense, for the search engines to pick up. You could do a double. Let's see if it might look a bit too much, like it's shouting in our face if you do them all as this H1 sort of size, but you definitely could switch them.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, I'll give that a go. I mean, got nothing to lose. You know, you try some different things and see, you know, what shifts or changes as a result. So I'm happy to, I'm happy to give that a go.

Speaker A: And even if it was like, say, if you had them switched and this is in the H1 tag, like in code, that's the, this is the biggest font now, creating, and I search for something like creative leadership facilitation or coaching, it's still gonna see this as the smaller in the H2, which will be sitting below it. It's still gonna pick it up and even though they're not exactly in the, you know, perfect sequence, it's still gonna pick it up. Yeah.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker B: I'll tell you, I, I will mention, I, and I'm not sure who else is, is going to be asking questions today, but I just wanted to share something because I brought this along last time was the jump in my website in terms of users and what have you. And, um, you know, and I was talking with Francisca about it. One of the things that is happening is that there's more views coming from China, um, and a couple of other countries and what have you. I spoke with my website, uh, people about that, the hosts, and, uh, they said— because I was thinking about putting some sort of blocks maybe or something like that, because I want more realistic information rather than some bot, you know, that's driving, you know, that active engagement, which is not really active in a way, but it's just putting up the numbers. And they said to me, you want to be really careful because once you start putting in blocks, you could be blocking out that which is important to receive as well. So I, again, I had a little conversation with Chat, and Chat starts talking about some of the things that I could possibly do to get to minimize and not, not get rid of that, but actually to be able to just see the engagement. But I think I can look down the list of countries visited which are more realistic than say China.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, and it's not if like a lot of, I think even if people from China visiting, so like who cares as long as you're not getting like, you know, automatic spam bots filling in the forms over and over and over, things like that. So you're getting, you know, like, I would then—

Speaker B: I'm not getting anything like that. It's just, it's really created that, um, if I do the Google Analytics, then I can see, you know, that, that sort of jump in, you know, viewers or whatever it is when, you know, has just kind of exponentially kind of increased. But they said to me that, um, Kinetics is my provider. They said they've seen overall, they've seen this increase in a lot of websites, most websites now getting this. What the China sort of thing is doing is scraping websites or something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it'd be scraping and scanning and people with sort of like an automatic system that's trying to scrape for information that's visiting your site and then disappearing. But I think if you're not getting like spam coming through the website and things, it's not not much to worry about. And like, you know, obviously update the password from time to time and things like that. And be aware of what's published on there, like on the contact. If you've got, you know, your mobile number, you might get more, which you do, you might get more spam or anything like that, you know, of course. But once again, if it's, if you're not getting too much, if your site's set up well, like I was just looking at the start there, one of your up there in the page title, you've got Brisbane, which is great. Yeah. Like, you know, that's awesome. And the same with the contact details like this. It's like you want it on there, you know, like the Brisbane and so on. So it helps the search engines find you. But yeah, there's gonna be some bots trying to sites and things, but I wouldn't be too worried unless, yeah, unless you're getting overly spammed or anything.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yep. Okay.

Speaker C: Cool.

Speaker A: Well, well done. And as always, feel free to make changes and rejig things and come back.

Speaker B: I will. I will definitely. After the experience, I'll return, you know, totally motivated and inspired, and I will make these changes as well.

Speaker A: Right. Well, I'll see you on Friday.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yay.

Speaker A: Thank you so much. You're welcome. And so now flipping back to Jody's not here. Jody's not here. So, but we're gonna give Jody feedback and She will get it in the record on the recording. So as always, feel free to jump in with any feedback as well. Jodie had the session in the Clever Bunch where we went through the 6-step copywriting formula, which is there on the screen. But what you have done is this one created an article and using the The Six Step Copywriting Formula. And Jodie, you were wondering whether you're on the right track or not having created this. So Finding Your Flow: Color, Shape, and the Art of Effortless Bohemian Dressing. Now I read through this whole article. It's great. The content's really cool. I think, ever tried on a dress, you know, you adored on the hanger, you know, basically only to feel completely flat once it's on.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker A: Yep. For me, it's the mannequin in the window. Gee, that mannequin's got bigger shoulders than me or something. That money. Yeah. And now, yeah, the dress wasn't wrong, it just wasn't yours. Bohemian fashion is about freedom and expression, but even the most relaxed look feels better when the colors and shapes harmonize with who you are. So this is kind of like the summary of what it's about. And then you got the picture of this, which is nice, creating visuals and da da da. I think all in all, this article is great. I really liked, like, it gives, paints the whole, like, kind of why, like, why this is of interest, why you should pay attention to it. And then it goes into kind of a bit of process, which is really cool. Like, start with the color. If your skin has a warm golden or peachy undertones, you'd go in earthy tones, terracotta, mustard. This is, this is awesome. And then gold jewelry enhances color complexions. Your eyes and your hair, let your eyes and your hair guide you too. Brown eyes love teal and berry blue eyes. Like, this is really, really cool content. And then it goes into emotions. So basically mirroring your energy, soft romantic suits, floral, lace, the contents, and then your body shape plays into it. I think the content is really cool. What I would like to see in this, speaking of see, I'd like to see more. So you need to have visuals. Obviously, this is a draft, so I expect that I don't know if the, Jodie, you've plans to put images in, but images because you have such a visual product anyway, like your products, you have the benefit of having images, product images. So definitely having images in there and images with the, you know, your models wearing them. Also, what would be cool with this one is some subheadings. Even if it just started from about here where you had subheadings, because I think it would catch people's attention really nicely if it said something like, I don't know, like, like the, the, you know, the wording better than me, but if it was something that might say, you could do like a, a uniform sort of heading where it says matching your, your, your natural tones.. And then the next one could be something like matching your mood, you know, and then there's a subheading for the emotions part or matching your emotions and then matching another subheading that says matching your, you know, your body and that's enough. So you could have these kind of subheadings where, so we glance over it and a lot easier to follow. Actually, what would even be cooler too is if you did have something like that, like matching, matching, matching, or 1, 2, 3, maybe a subheading up here which is a bit bigger before those 3 headings, those 3 content blocks with headings and having a, you know, something like the 3 steps to, I guess, find your bohemian fit would be cool.

Speaker B: I'll just put that in because also, yeah, I think something like that, a little subheading is really good.

Speaker A: Yeah, cool. And then, and then have like a, you know, a smaller subheading for this one. I'll just bold these because it Or it could be—

Speaker B: you could even do— what about if you even shortened it? So it could be this, the, the 3 steps, which is, you know, just like color, eyes and hair, um, emotion, or something like that.

Speaker A: And because body shape could be part of like you matching your clothing to you or something. Although it's not too bad if it does, it might even be 5. It might be 5 steps because maybe like, you know, what your accessories or something. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: So it could be matching.

Speaker A: Yeah. Something. Accessories. Yeah. Matching your colors, matching accessories, matching, I don't know, you, I guess your hair and eyes is part of the color, but just working that, and then, um, matching your emotions, matching your body.

Speaker B: Um, because also— sorry, I was just gonna say, well, color, in a way, color and prints sort of go together too, because you're working with color and you're working with design or prints. So I wonder if there's something like, you know, Starting with— if you start with color, if that's the starting point, color, then prints, then jewelry or accessories, um, body shape, um, eyes and hair or something like that.

Speaker D: I think I quite like the— if I go with what you have already highlighted there, Crystal, with just the way that my brain works, perhaps it would be, you know, I know, it's now just highlighting those initials. I was thinking here before, now you start with your— you start with the colors, then letterize, guide you, print kind of a— you know, prints carry emotions. And then again, that one already says, no, body shakes play its parts too. So it's already, I think for myself then, it's already— would be almost already highlighting those, those points almost naturally, just, just by— because I think it's— it feels for myself, it feels already almost ready by just by focus on those little points then.

Speaker A: Each of those, yeah.

Speaker D: But then again, the way that I read it quite differently because I'm already reading from the perspective of it starts with the color, then let your eyes, you know, let your eyes and hair guide you, sort of speaking. It's already almost— and then the next bit, it's—

Speaker B: yeah, yeah. I, I'd definitely put accessories rather than starting with gold jewelry because not everybody's going to wear gold jewelry, but, but we want to know about accessories.

Speaker A: Accessories. Um, yeah, I was just highlighting it to, um, basically, uh, So we don't miss it. Yeah, because I guess the whole point of, well, another benefit of what we're suggesting here is search engines and the AI search we're doing nowadays too loves this kind of content because we're likely to ask ChatGPT what color dress matches brown eyes, you know, and then you happen to have it here and then it goes, or, you know, what, what, you know, it does go, you know, blah, blah, and it'll, it'll find it, you know, like basically these are kind of like the, this is kind of the content that it's loving because we're asking a lot of AI search these kind of questions. And if we spell it out simply like this, 5 steps to find your bohemian fit, AI will, read it really well, pick it up really well, and be more likely to suggest your content when it is broken up this way. There'll be more on that at the Experience Cats. Don't you worry about taking too many notes right now. Same for you, Sarah. Hey, Sarah. So yeah, I'm— yeah, the, on the, on the actual points we've put here, I think. So when I guess, Jodie, you're listening into the recording, you got the idea of what we're doing. It's just to like split it into 5 sections. It makes it really easy on the eye for the reader. And I also think it'd be quite cool because I might, as skim readers, we kind of arrive on content and go, how this sort of sounds of interest, but it did look like a lot of text and it's kind of like, am I gonna bother reading this thing? Whereas when it's split up like this, I, this already really pops out to me. Oh, start with your color. Wait, this is good stuff. I'll come back and read it.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know, it's looks at a lot easier and I can, I can digest this. Whereas if the whole page is that same size font without headings or broken up or like 2 pages, I just, I can't digest it.

Speaker B: I can't. And now we'll, um, Jodie, um, once she finalizes the copy, then needs to think about the design. So, you know, in terms of this and where it's going as a blog on her website or wherever else she's going to be sharing it, if it's LinkedIn or something like that, or a link to LinkedIn as such, you know, back to the website, would Jodie then think about this, you know, from a design perspective, it wouldn't just be necessarily a Word document. It would be something that would have an image in there, a bit of design to it. And how much, how much effort do you think needs to go into designing these? Well, these are little resources, could be downloadable resources. How much design needs to go into them?

Speaker A: Well, I think this is an article, right, at this stage. But I think I agree this is an awesome resource that could become an opt-in resource or something like that as well. So it would usually go within the, like, match your design kind of process that you're currently doing for your articles. So if you, if typically that each article on the site has 3 images, this one might go with like 3 images and that would be great, just designed nicely to match the, obviously the theme of the the current content, the theme of the site. If being turned into a resource like an opt-in resource, you can go, go a bit, you know, bigger, like maybe suddenly there's a whole front page is a nice designed image with just the heading and that's like PDF page number 1. Then the second page, you know, starts from the content with an image and then there could even be an example of each of these 5 steps for potentially. So yeah, and then it does obviously, and then a closing page or like call to action and maybe even some testimonials or something like that. If we're going to create it into a resource. Yeah. But otherwise, definitely just needs to match the theme of the site, the current setup, you know, unless you want to go for it and do the, yeah, like an image for each point. Which could be cool. Yeah. So I've made a bit of a mess of this so far just to do this to make it look better.

Speaker B: Speaking of call to actions, Christo, what are— what to get clarity on those call to actions? I mean, obviously there's a range, which is where you want people to, you know, you're softly kind of wanting people to connect, or there might be a harder, you know, kind of sell as such or whatever. What are the types of calls to action that we need to be really aware of when we're, you know, because we're not just, we're communicating to build relationships, we're communicating to hopefully that people will want to engage with us as a business as well. So the distinction there about the types of calls to action and where they should go, where they should go on websites or where they should go on resources or articles like this and what have you. What would be a call to action for Jodie in this article?

Speaker A: Yeah, the, um, so if there is an opt-in resource, I'd like at the end of almost every article you could create a kind of a little, could be 3 things, could be 2 things, um, where it says something like, obviously she's got explore the Zephyr Collection. So that's one. You could have, if you wanted to go for it, have like, you know, view our bestsellers or something like that as a potential flow from here. Could also be an opt-in sitting there. So you might have the two options, you know, download our guide to blah, blah, blah, or, you know, want to save this guide for yourself at home, click here to download, we'll email it straight to your inbox. So it could be an opt-in and then, you know, ready to explore the Zephyr collection, click here. I can opt in like she has there. Cool, which she has done well. And there we go, we're on the site just like that. Cool. Well, yeah, this is great work, Jody, for implementing since the last workshop for you. And feel free to make changes and resubmit for further looks if you would like. You know, and obviously this is pretty close, obviously adjusting these to suit as you would like, and Heidi will send this to you. In other words, we're going good. If anyone else, anyone else, any thoughts on this one before we, before we send it off to Heidi to send it off to Jodie?

Speaker D: I think we're good. No, I like the addition that you put those numbers there.

Speaker A: I think it's, yeah, it stands out nicely. Awesome. Thank you. Thanks, Fran. It makes, it's easy on the eye, isn't it? Kind of like forces you to flow through them a bit when you have a 1, 2, 3. Same with when people do on a, on a site like a, here's how we work. And it's like a graphic where it says 1, you know, arrow to 2, arrow to 3, or, you know, graphics and things. It, it really makes it easy on the eye to create a lot of content that's, that doesn't appeal, doesn't, sorry, doesn't feel overwhelming.

Speaker D: Sarah.

Speaker C: Oh, hi. Hello. Oh, um, I don't have feedback as such, but what has come to mind is that you were talking about how the article is very, um, searchable because people are searching differently now. And for example, you can put a whole paragraph or a whole sentence into ChatGPT and say, search this topic. But for me, my generation of clientele are not moving to ChatGPT. So does that mean that the information that you said then is not as relevant for me, or within the whole world of searching, it's going to account for the fact that people in different age brackets are searching differently?

Speaker A: Yeah, you, you're not gonna escape it.

Speaker C: Sorry.

Speaker A: Okay. You're, you're, whoops. I've probably just spelled the things all over the place, but let's just say, what we're gonna start getting more and more is This one hasn't given me something at the top, but what you're gonna get, oh, here it is. You're getting this. So this is AI, whether I'm not on ChatGPT. So immediately below the, sorry, they're all ads. So it is the first thing that comes up as listing. Yep. I'm not on ChatGPT, but Google, but it's there. Google is AI search. So this is AI. decide what your goal. So this is getting this content from different people. Grease offer a mixer. It will reference different sites in here as you go through. See, like there'll be links. These are links here. Yep.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: So yeah, we're all in it. Yeah. And that's fine. I'm happy to be in it. I just don't want to miss an opportunity Because it's all being set up, if the change is happening in the way that it's gathering information for people's search, because my people are still more inclined to go on to Google and say tours in Greece rather than I'm looking for a guided experience where I'm supported to all of the stuff that, you know, it's a much more complex search. Now when you do it through ChatGPT.

Speaker A: Yeah, I just completely misspelled it again. Um, but even see, like, no matter what we do, it's— yeah, okay, I see that. It's typed in sailing rouse in Greece. Brilliant. All right. Um, yeah, and then obviously there's still going to be the sites that come up, so like It's similar to what we're doing. It's just that almost like we can expand a bit more for AI. Yes.

Speaker C: Like almost be more specific. Yes, that's right.

Speaker A: Which is what I love. Yeah, exactly. Which can help you niche a little more and get the attention of your niche market a little bit more as well. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, we still want to be, it's almost like we want to be thinking more and more nowadays too. It's like, Yeah, what would they write? Like the whole thing, like what are their problems or do they want solved? What are their wants that they want delivered? You know, and it's kind of like these questions and even if you stated on your site, like almost verbally, like, like as a question and answer type thing, even FAQs where it's sort of answering the regular customer concerns and then your answer. Customer question, answer, customer question, answer, customer. Okay.

Speaker C: AI is gonna love that stuff.

Speaker A: Okay, great. Keep working. Once again, you're at the Experience, so you're gonna get more on this as well because one of my presentations is SEO for AI.

Speaker C: Excellent.

Speaker A: You don't need to take too many notes now.

Speaker C: All good. Good. I'm excited. I like a bit of learning face to face. Even though I've taught myself to learn like this, I'm much better when I can see it and hear it in front of me.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's going to be a lot of fun. We've got awesome— so many awesome things planned.

Speaker C: That's going to be awesome.

Speaker A: All right, how could it not be awesome? We've got a— I think it's 26, 25, 26 attendees and then the facilitators. So it's going to be really, really cool. Yeah, brilliant.

Speaker C: Be nice.

Speaker A: Yay! All right, lovely. Well, I think that's a, that's a wrap on today's advisory board. Well, thank you for the questions and the discussion and input and just for being here, of course. And next week, feel free to send through things at any point in time. Once again, for next week, we'll see those of you at the experience who can make it. And Otherwise, we're continuing on as usual. So still send through advisory board next week, we're in the members area. Everything else, Fran, did you have a question or a comment?

Speaker D: Yeah, yes, I do. Only, only have time to make a little comment here. I'm just wondering regarding price. So for instance, if I have one session, if it's a price, and then if I have 4 sessions, I'm just trying to pitch what would be the incentive for them to consider buying one session as an entry and then coming for the next 4 sessions. I'm just trying to know, is that some— I don't know if there's a quick little guide that you could just show us, some gold nugget here at the moment.

Speaker A: Yeah, so like you're saying, like if someone books one session and it's, I don't know, it's $100, but if they book 4, they get them for $80 each, something like that. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's, it's not exact because it varies for different, it's not like exactly 10% or, you know, 20% or so because different industries will have different margins and can play with it in different ways. The good thing is with yourself as a service, you have better margins than a lot of like our product businesses we work with. A lot of product businesses we work with, you'd be like, gobsmacked if you realized how little they're, you know, they discount more than 15%. They're actually going backwards. Like a lot of them, it's very tight. So, but with yourself, you can play with it a bit more. So it also comes back a little bit to understanding that often if someone will buy, like, let's say they're gonna buy 1 or 2, they likely would have bought 4. So In my opinion on that, you should have sold the 4 and not even mentioned 2 or 3. Does that make sense? You're better off getting them to get the whole package because that's the way you work. And you know that if they buy 4, they get better results. So you should be confident in pushing them towards that as well because in 1 or 2, are they really going to get the results? I don't know. But 4, yeah, okay, it's going to be a bit of a better value. Then at the same time, as, because I've mentioned that if they buy one and then another one and then they drop off financially for you, it's not as good, right? And that's what likely happens. It's like we all do it, whether it's with you or whether it's with the physiotherapist. You know, you go to the physio and they let us buy one at a time and they say to us, look, Fran, you're back, you're sitting down too much. We need a series of 8 sessions as a health plan and then we'll take it from there and assess. You did the first session on the way out through reception. You're like, yeah, I'll find a date and get back to you guys. And then the pain went away. So you didn't continue. Whereas if you're like sort of like locked in because they know, you know, you know, you're giving better value, you know, you'll get better returns. Having said all that, just don't make it too ridiculous.

Speaker D: Like what's a one-off session? At the moment, I think I'm sitting around $189, I'm thinking.

Speaker A: Yeah. So $189. Yep. So then it's totally up to you whether you drop it something like it could be like that you drop it, say like $30 a session or something like that. If you sell 4, so it ends up at $159 per session.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's just if you go too extreme, it looks dodgy, you know, oh, it's like sort of almost fake. But if you, And if you do it too little, the incentive's not there. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. Because, because what happens, it's a little bit like even if they buy one session now. Yeah. And then if they decide to come back for the 4 sessions, then they most likely will be doing a bit of a review of that initial overall session. And so in a sense, then they'll be almost like, so what would we be thinking to do then if they were to to buy the 4 sessions later, if they have already purchased this first session, then you'll get credit for that one, but they still get a full session. So in a sense, they're getting 5 sessions for the price of 4, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that's a good incentive in itself. It's a saving of $189 if I buy, you know, even if they're at the full rate, but I get to get one session for free. Yeah. There's the other alternative. So either of those, like, hey, buy 4 and you get 5, or, you know, you get $30 off per session over 4 sessions. So it's $120 saving. That's significant. Like, that's enough for me to want to take the package to upsell. A total other alternative that you could consider, this is just different. Approach is you could, instead of discounting price, stack value in some other way. Like the extra session is an example of that where it's, I'll give you a free session, you know, which is valued at $189 or I give you basically, you know, a free resource or a free something else. You kind of like call it a one-to-one strategy session or something like a different titled kind of session. Um, it could be something like that as well.

Speaker D: Yep. Yeah, could be almost like a one-to-one supervision, if you wish, a one-off one-to-one supervision. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Or mentoring, coaching, whatever we're calling it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Okay, that's good things to—

Speaker A: good things to think about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did someone just draw a blue line with the whiteboard feature? I was like, how did that get there?

Speaker D: Is that you, Fran?

Speaker A: No, it's not me. I don't think I did. Maybe I did. I don't think so. Maybe the, uh, let's just work that out.

Speaker C: Oh, there we go.

Speaker B: I think it's you, Christo. I don't think that we can do that from here at the moment.

Speaker A: Really? I didn't, I, because I didn't, I think you can somehow. Can you on the dashboard?

Speaker D: Have you got annotate there?

Speaker A: No, you don't. No. How on earth did I do that? I didn't Well, I must have just click-clicked like while I was talking without my hand, must have just been off on its own because I've never even clicked the annotate till now.

Speaker D: AI is doing the work of your thinking there, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I did these ones. It is blue, so I do look like the culprit. Uh-oh, Jodie's just come in. She doesn't know it's daylight savings time, does she?

Speaker B: Oh no.

Speaker A: Is she— where is she? Yeah, let's pretend we're starting. Welcome to Advisory Board, everybody. Jody.

Speaker D: So did you say that we're having a short session today, Christian?

Speaker A: Yeah. Um, uh, Jody, you there? Yes. Can you—

Speaker B: yay!

Speaker D: Welcome.

Speaker A: One second, sorry. No, you're right. We just had advisory board because you didn't realize New South Wales, or we didn't tell you or something. We've changed time, so we're daylight savings now. So we just finished. Oh, I'm so sorry. You're all right. We knew as soon as I saw you coming, I was like, oh no, I know what's happened. Oh, that's okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, I can jump back on next week if you like.

Speaker A: No, you've got awesome feedback.

Speaker B: We've even like, oops, those blue, that's all scribbled over.

Speaker A: Not the scribbles. Yeah, we scribbled on it. We know I didn't, that was just us playing around a moment ago. Silly me. Yep. Heidi's gonna email you this document and the video has the feedback for you anyway.

Speaker B: So you're all good. No worries at all. Yeah, good article, Jodie. I'll be there on time. It was good to go through it, actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, you had— your article's popular. Oh yeah, awesome. Um, well, yeah, you're, you're right to approach it that way, Jodie. Yes, definitely. Yes, I'll watch the, uh, recording. No drums. At all. Okay. And the, and feel free to like make changes, resubmit or anything like that as well. Totally fine. Great work. You've done really well. Oh, good. Article's great. Sorry about my scribble there. I actually don't know how to get rid of it. That's fine. Well, you think with the amount of Zooms I do. Oh, there it is. Eraser. But that'll take. Oh, there we go. Cool. Yeah. But yeah, really good article. Well done for implementing so quickly as well, putting it into action. Yeah. And it's great content. So yes, enjoy the recording. I will.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: And otherwise, I think that's a wrap for us.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Thank you very much.

Speaker A: Thanks so much. Great. You're welcome. Great work. Thank you all. And I'll chat to you all again soon.

Speaker B: Bye-bye.

Speaker A: Bye.