Speaker A: Hey, Jodie.

Speaker B: Hi, Christo.

Speaker A: How are you? Good, thank you. How are you?

Speaker B: I'm good, thank you. Good, good, good.

Speaker A: Just getting set here. Yeah, it looks like you are the one and only question.

Speaker B: Oh my goodness. Okay.

Speaker A: Yep, this is good. You get a private consult here.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Awesome. On your opt-in.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: I just rearranged my screen. You should be able to see my screen there now, right? Welcome.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Awesome. Cool. Well, yeah, you've got the one and only. Yeah. You never know. It's like, oh, typo there. Some weeks there'll be like 10 questions. Next week there's one or none, you know, it's like, it's unpredictable.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. No worries.

Speaker A: Usually the week after Clever Bunch meetings, there's an influx of questions because we get the, everyone that is working on new things. So let's get into yours anyway. You have been busy, which is good. And working on your lead magnet. So I don't, I've got all the 3 documents here. What would be cool? So basically it looks pretty straightforward. Join the, join, basically get 10% off with the opt-in and, and these resources, can you explain these? So this is gonna be Cause you said in store for in store.

Speaker B: Yeah. So basically I have a bricks and mortar store and that's where I make my money. The website is pretty dormant. Um, so yeah, I'm just trying to, um, get the website moving. So I figure one way, cause, uh, customers come into my shop. I have a, um, a shop in Far North Queensland, Kuranda. So it's a tourist destination. So I have lots of tourists come through and if I don't, I feel like if I, uh, that's an opportunity for me to get those details and I haven't really been doing it, um, until now. Um, so yeah, so I figured that they're my customer base. They're the people that I can actually reach at the moment. Um, so yeah, I figured that I need to get their details to pop them into my database, you end up retargeting them through email marketing.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: So yeah, so this is what we do. So we've got a little spiel going now where we kind of like when a customer is purchasing from us, we ask if they do online shopping and if they do, um, ah, or say yes, I'll just, we're just going to be direct and say, can I please grab, can we grab your email details? And you'll go into, you'll get on your first online order, you'll get 10% off. And then you can end up going into our loyalty program as well too.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, and have you started doing that?

Speaker B: Is that what we have just started doing it? Yeah. And we are, we're managing to get a few different customers each day to sign up. It just depends how busy we are, if we can actually spend the time to actually talk to these customers. Yeah. And also the fan for a fan thing is it's obviously very hot up in far north Queensland, and then it gets hotter as time goes by through the summer months. So customers that come into our shop are dying. So yeah, a fan is a good pull to actually try and get some people to, to possibly like us on Facebook or Instagram. So, so I'm giving away a fan if they actually take the time to, so I've got QR codes in store as well too. So it's kind of like a little bit, it's easy for them to scan the QR code and give us a like or a follow.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. That makes sense. So that, and it is a good idea, especially if you're, well, a big part of your market coming through the store are tourists and they're not going to come back and buy another dress the next day, then you you want to get them to your online store. So I think it's an awesome approach and to try and get, yeah, like keep them as a customer for life basically is the goal here. Even if it's someone from Adelaide or wherever they're based. So I like it. And if you've already been started doing that, that's great. And if it's working, obviously, yeah, there's something you could, I don't know, with being busy, if there's a thing, you know, hey, just pop your details over here, you know, and then onto the next customer or something like that. But it's definitely a, I think it's definitely a good approach. I like it, like, for sure. And I think the, like, this is great. You know, we'd love for you to sign up for, to join our Sapphire Circle. Well, that's hard to read. Hey, let me just pull this.

Speaker B: So yeah, I've done all of this through ChatGPT because I've never really used it before. And yeah, I've managed to do the basic Bananas brand voice. So this is kind of like being written in the brand voice.

Speaker A: Voice. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. This one, this is great. This one, like in the, and it looks, it looks good. Did you do the design here? Within ChatGPT as well.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yep. Just in that brand voice. Yeah. So that's how it came out. I'm pretty sure I can possibly go into the personal or into the customized GPTs and possibly find a program there that might do something a little bit more fancy, but yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: I think we're getting the message across because it's almost like a letter, right? This one, you've got the, you know, much love and a sign off like it's, I think this one's all good. Thank you for your support. Share, sign up to our website and enjoy 10% off your first online order. Cool. And please share the love by leaving a Google review, following us on social media. Cool. Now this one's, this is good and it looks nice and pro. The purple one looks a bit too simple. I like the brand, needs a little, this one needs a bit of a rework. Just in terms of design.

Speaker B: Yeah, this is just a poster for in-store. We're not actually giving this to the customers and we're kind of like really kind of like talking, we're kind of like really talking through this process with the customer. So it's kind of like nobody even really sees the poster. Yeah, because we have to physically do this with the customer. So we have to kind of like say, hey, do you want to be, we'll give you a fan for a fan. You're looking a bit hot there.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: But I do agree that it is a bit gammon, the poster, but I, again, I did this in ChatGPT and yeah, you could probably do, have you ever used Canva? No, no, I haven't.

Speaker A: Because Canva, I reckon probably even on free account, like I'm not sure because I have my team, you could go in. I haven't been logged in in ages, but even when I logged in like years ago, you log in, they see simple templates where it's like, it's just a design tip. So you write whatever you want and it'll just be laid out perfectly. Because with this one, I just, these boxes are a little bit funny. And then the alignment seems a little interesting. Like just know that this is centered and these are, you know, I guess they're sort of bullets. So they're left aligned and And then this is centered all again. It does look a little disjointed though.

Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. It did take me a while to actually do this, like hours and hours and hours with ChatGPT, but this is my first play with it.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So I was like, oh my God, because these boxes were actually supposed to be emojis, but it translated them to these boxes. And I had asked them to align it and it was just like, oh my God. Okay. Like just print this one. That's okay.

Speaker A: It seems like this one, like, like that as a thank you should be left aligned as well or something, you know, something just to, cause it's a little bit, that's why something like a, yeah, like a, a Canva template, you'd be able to just type it straight in and it might say, I'll try and rework that in Canva.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Because it's very simple. It's just the text so far and there'll be a template where they, here's your headline, here's your 3 points and, you know, or play with it again. I just don't like the idea of it sort of cheapening the look of your brand.

Speaker B: Yes, I agree. I agree.

Speaker A: Yeah. And it's like this one doesn't do you justice.

Speaker B: No, that's fair enough. Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. We want everything creating a nice perception. You know, people judge the, quality of the product based on that they see a picture, you know what I mean? It's like you just have to be careful that everything's sort of perception, whereas this one looks nice and pro, the layout. I thought that must be the case too, because I saw these little boxes down here. So I was like, what's that trying to insert there for Facebook? And yeah, you know, on your website, and then it's done the same thing up, you know, on the purple one with those little boxes. But this one's fine. This is, I think this is fine. It looks like a letterhead. Like a professional?

Speaker B: Yeah, because basically that one we're putting in the bag with every purchase.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So, um, yeah, I'm just getting them, um, printed at a copy shop and, um, yeah, so just whether— and I also have QR codes on the back of it. So I have the, um, yeah, Facebook review, Facebook, Instagram, Google review, Yeah. So, oh yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. You know, that's, that's good. Hey, Michelle. Hello. We're just reviewing Jodie's here. Jodie's the one question for today. There's only one sent through. So it's reviewing some resources as, because majority of her customers come in store. Well, they all come in store. Well, a lot. And then she has an online store. But the problem is a lot of her customers that come in store are tourists. So they don't, they're not coming back 2 weeks later because they've gone. So we've got to move them to the online shop. And so that's what it's doing here. So someone comes in, they buy, they get given this in-store to basically move them to the online shop for the next purchase, which is a great idea. And there are also things like 10% when you do a discount like this to keep in mind as well, Jodie. It is, it is like it's okay to be kind of generous on a first sale if they've come in store and bought because it doesn't cost you anything else in terms of marketing. If that makes sense, it's like you made the sale or you had them in store and then if you get them to buy, it's not like you had to spend money on an ad to then get that next purchase. And if it gets them to buy once online, you know, hopefully then you do a good job. They think that was great and I'll buy more, you know, and you get the, the repeat customers online. So yeah, that one all good. This one, as we've already gone through, needs a bit of a redesign, but otherwise it's straightforward and all good and a cool idea. Fan for a fan. That one, Michelle, she's doing an actual fan because she's in North Queensland, so it's very hot. So you see a sweaty customer and go, hey.

Speaker B: But obviously they have to be purchasing from us. We're not just giving away fans to everybody.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: When they make a purchase.

Speaker C: Yeah, but an ecologically sound thing too, environmentally. Yeah.

Speaker A: Cool, cool idea. And then this one on the website. So sort of, I guess, a different approach because they do this on the website. Same thing though, same opt-in. What would be cool to think about with this one, Jodie, is what happens next. So Someone opts in on a website, this is where you can start to think like, what's the next step? Next step. So if they've opted in, they get a, you know, maybe an email right away that says, you know, ideally automated email that says, you know, thanks for joining the Sapphire Circle. Here's your 10% off. And you do want to try and in that very first email, try and get them back to the online store. So here's your 10% off voucher. And then you could even in the email number one, put something like, you know, here's our best sellers or our three best sellers. If you're wondering where to start or our best selling categories, even, you know, whether it's dresses, shirts, hats, whatever, like something to try and sort of get intrigue them. And here's your 10% off and here's basically the best sellers at the moment or something, or here's our sale items or something, whatever, something to try and, because while you've got them, You know, we're all a bit like that. If I've just opted in, put my details in, like the best time to try and hit me is right now because I'm actually— yeah, I'm interested right now. But as 3 days go by, I might walk into a shop down the road here and I bought the skirt I wanted, you know, and it's sort of like done or so you want to try and try and get them with something right away. Sometimes you can in that email number one, try and include a bit of call to action, like ideally try and intrigue and move them to something or move them back, you know, to the online store or to bestsellers or something. And you can even in a PS do something like, you know, here's a snippet from one of our reviews or here's what people say about our online store or something like that., you know, and it says PS, here's what people say about online store, you know, love it. Thanks for the experience. Product arrived beautifully. So good to deal with whatever, you know, like something a little, get a little snippet from, from a review or testimonial that shows credibility for the online store ideally. Because that's one of our things with any online shopping, right? It's just the trust. Like, will the thing arrive? 'Does this business actually exist in Australia?' Like, you know, this sort of common fears we have. Or if I put my credit card details in, will it work? You know, is it legit and all that? So if there can be something that builds a little bit more trust, that would be great in that first email. Usually what I'll then do, do you want me to keep going? I'll explain. Yeah. What I'll then usually do is like, that all, that all goes in email number 1 immediately as soon as someone puts their details into this. And then I'd have another automated email about 2 days later. Yeah. The 2 days later, what you're trying to do and keep in mind is that email is a really important one to train people basically in what to expect from you in the future. Okay. So if that email's, so what do we try and do? It doesn't exactly always work for everyone, but try and be short, sharp, and valuable. So it's like, you know, cause our inboxes are always like a cluster of stuff. Yeah. So you try not to be too, even if you, if it was like a giant article, even if it was super valuable, it's just not the space, you know, it's like you try and be short, sharp and valuable. So it could be something like, you know, to make things simple, here's our bestsellers again, or here's a little tip. When color matching or something like that, or here's a little, just something, do you know what I mean? Sort of like try and make it kind of like a juicy short email. And because what you're trying to do is then when the next email comes in a month later, next email, I sort of have an idea of what to expect that you're gonna send, if that makes sense.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah. But sometimes it could be tip, like information or something. Color matching, something. Don't know, you might have some ideas, something.

Speaker B: I'll ask ChatGPT.

Speaker A: Yes, good idea. Yeah. And otherwise, with online and e-commerce style store fashion, it could be, you know, here's just 3 of our best sellers for this upcoming summer or something, you know, there it's the kind of thing we like, you know, as an online shopper, if it's from an e-commerce store. So something where it makes life easier for me rather than having to fish around on the store, if that makes sense. Yeah. You could, I was just thinking what else can be sometimes in these sort of emails, sometimes like you can include points like an FAQ, could be like in the PS, hey, here's some frequently asked questions. Number 1, you know, what's the typical period of time that it takes for you to send the products? Number 2, what if it doesn't fit? Number 3, you know, just some, there could be some short FAQs in there to kind of help build trust as well. Or if you wanted to delay that one to be, say email number 1's immediately, email number 2's on day 2, and maybe on day 5 you could do another email with, with that sort of information. Okay.

Speaker B: 1, 2, and 5.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And just keep that in mind no matter whatever goes, it's training them. So on what to expect in the future. So you kind of look at it and think, would I like to get this email?

Speaker B: Yeah. It's kind of like spammy. I hate spammy emails. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And if it's fluff, if it's just too much, just info and waffles on, but you know, just try, that's why it's like short and sharp, like try and get to the point. Ideally make it valuable if you can. Sometimes a little tip, like it could be a one paragraph tip and, and by the way, here's our bestsellers at the moment. Yeah, like really short.

Speaker B: Yeah, tip and valuable.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And keep in mind the PS is a great part of an email. The PS is often the most read part when, when the emails get slightly longer, the PS is always the part we read, you know, like skip to the end and go, what's that? Yeah, what did they miss here? What did they put it down here? So that, that can be a good place for a call to action as well. So you might say, you know, as the founder, here's my number one, my favorite product right now. P.S., here's my favorite product right now. You know, a little bit of a personal touch and a link directly to an item can be a good way to go. Yeah, nice way to sort of direct them from the email back to the, the online store. Yeah. That all makes sense.

Speaker B: Yes. Yes. Yes.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. Cool. Any questions on any of those?

Speaker B: Yeah. No, I think, yeah, it's just, I have to do the follow-up with the emails and stuff. So I'll have to do that sequence and I'll get ChatGPT to help me.

Speaker A: Yeah. And easy, I'd probably get ChatGPT to work it out for you and you can, you know, you can even write it, write it, get it done if you want.

Speaker B: And in my brand voice too.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Brand voice. Exactly. Anything you want to cut through in terms of brand character for sure. And then what if you want, what you could do is an easy way for us to then review is you put them all into like say one Word doc or Google doc or something where it's like, here's email number one, go on day one. Here's email number 2, day 2, and just so we can see, it's even nice for yourself. You have them in one doc. You can sort of see there's the, the emails sequence. Yeah. And then feel free to send it for, say, next week's advisory board, or, and we can have a look and check over those as well.

Speaker B: Yeah. Awesome.

Speaker A: Thank you. No worries. Well done. This is good. I like it. And I do, I definitely love the approach, getting people to the online, online store. And at least, and you said everyone's getting this one, right? If they buy something.

Speaker B: Yes, everybody's getting it. Yeah. In their bag. Well, if they purchase.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cool. You could, I don't know, it's sometimes you can also try things like in-store competitions and things like that. I like this for now. Like this is great, but sometimes an in-store competition, hey, you know, enter your details to win whatever, $100 on our online store, $100 credit or something, which will be drawn at the end of the quarter. Enter your name and email over here and that boom, put them in the database.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. I have seen that one as well too. So yeah, I'll keep that one in mind.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cause I think for you, it's, it's a good, it's a good work in progress forever, probably to be thinking about how, how else can we get them from shop to online shop?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like the, your shop is your ad. You got to go from the ad to the face-to-face ad. That's right. To the online shop. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. That's the trouble is, yeah, just trying to get their email and people are hesitant to give their email. So we've kind of like got to be a little bit sassy, a little bit cheeky about it, but obviously be honest with them and tell them that they will be in our email marketing list. But yeah, so I can do that through my staff who I've got some awesome staff. So a little bit cheeky.

Speaker A: So yeah, and you could, it's like, hey, do you want to join our, you know, our Sapphire Circle to get 10% off your first purchase online? You know, you can use whenever you like. Oh yeah, you know, okay, you know, that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. It's good. And it is, it's like a work in progress. Maybe one for you with your staff is as like part of a, like the magic numbers, part of a weekly meeting process is like, how are we going? You know, currently in terms of just posing the question gets everyone thinking in terms of getting people from the store to the online store.

Speaker B: And that's what I've been doing. I've got a little book. We've set up a little book because I want them to be accountable for it. So I want them to have, you know, a little competition to see who's kind of like signing up the, or having Facebook likes and stuff. So yeah. So it's actually being actioned instead of just asking them to do it and then maybe not doing it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, well done. This is good. I like it.

Speaker B: I am moving. I'm doing something.

Speaker A: So yeah, this is good. Yeah. And that's it. It's just getting the focus onto it and, you know, and continuing to do that, like with a repetition of like, what else could we do? What else could we do? And then, and then that even bring, might bring more questions to ask. As well that we can then brainstorm with you. You know, it just keeps the ideas flowing. Yeah. Brilliant. Oh, well, very good. Anything else I can help you with on that one at the moment, or you—

Speaker B: maybe if you can just have a little bit of a scroll through the website as well too and just give me open here.

Speaker A: That was the—

Speaker B: Because the website, I've had it for, yeah, I don't know, this particular one for a year and so hard to get it going.

Speaker A: I'm like, yeah, that one image here, it is quite cool though. You could reduce this image down. Like, I don't know if it's gonna be easy enough to do with this or if it's gonna be a total nightmare just to adjust something like that. But ideally, What I like to see would be about that size. I like this top image to be reduced to about only take about that much of space so that I could see these. Okay. Yeah. Like even I wonder if you can get a title above these boxes instead of below. Like what I'd love to see is I land on the site and it sort of looks about like that. Obviously these menus and things will need to, you know, once this image is reduced, I'd see the menus, then I'd see the image. And then if I could see at least the top of these and I could see something that said even that, like dresses, pants, skirts.

Speaker B: So you think they need to be up the top?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Because then before I'd even scroll, ideally I'd be able to see that. And then that captures my, gets my eye, right? So I like land here and I'm like, because at the moment I might land here and I'm like, oh, okay. And it's, it's sort of your most valuable real estate. Yeah. Is what I can see there. Whereas if I can just see the top of these, it's just an, oh, right. You know, I see the word skirts and ideally those 3 would be your best-selling categories. Yeah. So that if I land here, I see skirts over, oh, that's right. I'm looking for a skirt. Boom. I'm straight down that kind of pathway. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. And it's a very, I guess, She's all good. Features, collections, testimonials, kind of. Otherwise, the homepage ticks all the boxes, and then really, um, Let's have a look. So I mean, you could, you could include a tiny snippet from a testimonial even in the description. I know a lot of, like, your site probably has it automated to go somewhere like here. But what you can actually do just to sort of like override it a little bit is you whack in here like a in quote marks, in italics, you know, thanks so much, amazing customer service, da da da, just a snippet from a testimonial within product descriptions is a nice little workaround so that as I'm here and I'm like, am I gonna buy this thing or not? Okay, there's a testimonial for a little bit of extra trust. And then let's see what happens. Yeah. And then it's just pretty straightforward, right? Did we— is this Shopify? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And this is nice and user-friendly, Shopify, isn't it? With like the Google Pay and everything.

Speaker B: Yeah. Even I can add products.

Speaker A: Yeah. No, that's all good.

Speaker B: Oh, the try it on avatar. That was my personal GTP that I made from one of your master classes. So it, it's, it's not very good, but I did, I kind of like made a personal, uh, yeah, it, it's okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, cool. Well, that's cool.

Speaker B: It's interesting. Yeah, I'm just playing, I'm just playing around with things and I'll probably end up taking it off because, um, it's a bit clunky, but Yeah, I was, I was kind of like, oh my God, I've done this.

Speaker A: Like, wow. Yeah. You could have like one, the main thing, like basically your homepage is the, is kind of like when new customers it's getting them over the line. So even just this text here, shop by collections, you could have like purpose statement kind of statement sitting there. And then, you know, even putting in based in XYZ, North Queensland, creating styles for the climate and, you know, for the relaxed Australian or something just so it sees like, so we know, okay, this is where you are, you're legitimate, who you are on that about page that I just went to. I'd even like to see a couple of photos of your shop or maybe even one or like one somewhere down here. Yeah. Because it just shows you're real. It's not like another backyard, you know, person that's popped up on Instagram, created a label and disappears the next day.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, like you've got a legitimate, like a section like this, you know, you could have like the reviews for sure, but another little content block where it says, you know, meet us, meet our team in the shop or something like that, even though we might not ever, I might be based in Sydney like I am, but it still just shows, oh wow, they're a legitimate business with a store on the ground. Yeah. And a little bit of blurb text there. And then if those titles came up, there's a few things you could just do straight away. Okay.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Awesome. Okay. Cool. Well, yeah, and if you want on that, we can obviously review further on this as well if you want to, you know, say maybe making those changes and then come back and say we can have a look over next week in more depth as well if you'd like. For sure. But definitely, there's plenty of stuff you can keep tweaking, but those are the major changes. I'd have a play with this first and see if that You know, as long as it doesn't spoil the whole alignment of the website or anything, reducing that image.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm not— yeah, I'll have to have a look. I'm not sure how to do that, whether it was like, yeah, set and leave kind of like, yeah, whether I needed to do code for that or—

Speaker A: I might be able to reduce the size of the image and then like re-add it to the site because maybe the site just puts it on as large as it is kind of thing. It's hard to know with the templates are always different on the website templates. So yes, have a play and then, yeah, yeah, yeah. And feel free to add and do those changes and come back and say, hey, now what do you think? You know, we can just keep.

Speaker B: Yeah. So do you think that, do you think it's a little bit pixelated as well too?

Speaker A: My screen is massive. That, so it does. It does a little bit, but it's probably a typical monitor would be about there. And so it's, it's a little soft just around the face, but the rest, no, I don't—

Speaker C: not—

Speaker A: it's pretty sharp.

Speaker B: I had it edited from a freelancer, and like, after looking at so many photos, I'm like, oh, has he edited this, or is he just— just— it's just the same photo?

Speaker A: Yeah, the same thing. Yeah, it gets— it's got a little bit of a fadey kind of look, like slightly sort of soft look. Like these ones look super sharp.

Speaker B: Yeah, that was— I was, yeah, paying another lady to do those ones.

Speaker A: That one there is super sharp. Yeah, it does have a bit of a soft sort of slight blurred sort of soft look, pixely look. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. Yeah. And just keeping in mind, yeah, it's like sort of before we scroll, like, what can we see? And ideally, I would see this and it'd have those kind of images there, a bit more text. Maybe it'd be something like purpose statement, you know, as I mentioned, something about, you know, creating the perfect or whatever, you know, tailored for the environment and then this one, which is good. And then maybe shop by collections and then it goes to these boxes.

Speaker B: Okay. So just more information there.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. It helps us buy into the brand. You know what I mean? Like shop by collection. Like I don't feel the brand yet.

Speaker B: Cool. Okay. Well, thank you for that, Christo.

Speaker A: You are very welcome. Nice work. Keep it all moving. And yeah, as I said, don't be, you know, don't be shy to send through over and over and over and same with the the opt-ins sequence, like creating maybe a Word doc, putting the emails together in a Word doc and then send them through so they can kind of look at it step by step. Will be awesome. Well, that's us for today. Thank you.

Speaker B: Nice work.

Speaker A: Appreciate it. Yes, you are very welcome.

Speaker B: Thanks, Michelle, as well.

Speaker C: Can I ask a quick question? Oh yeah. So not, not reviewing anything. I haven't had a chance to work on the brochure, but I was wondering about, um, for Friday's class. I don't know if you're doing that or not. Um, is there anything— the classes go so fast. Is there anything we can kind of have ready to be prepared and have on the screen or just have in mind to kind of get some notes?

Speaker A: What for this one, the things like the brand voice, a big part of this one, you don't really, you don't have to have anything ready. This one, we're gonna be looking at text, like it's copywriting and also how you verbally talk about your business. Like, so how do you create text that converts customers? Which what relates to that is obviously like, you know, how quick are you with, say, ChatGPT? Because you can create your text, you know, there now, or you can at least brainstorm it with ChatGPT, do 80% of it, you know, with ChatGPT or whatever program you're using. So if you have that on hand, that's great. And that's all you really need. Like, here's the brand voice, you know, what we're all about, our best sellers, even info like where we are can help it sort of sometimes tailor the language a little bit. Yeah. And otherwise for this one, you don't really need anything. If you wanted to get a head start, you could go on the member's site and, and watch within the CleverBunch resources. There are videos on there. So you could, but you'll be kind of doubling up a little bit though. So there's no, no need to do it. But in here in CleverBunch, yeah. Module 3. You could jump in and, you know, go through these if you—

Speaker C: just to get our heads around it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's only really if you've got time, but if you wanted to, some members sometimes do it that way. They kind of like to watch it, prepare as much as possible, then come to the— okay.

Speaker C: On the other hand, we've been doing it the other way, but that's probably— that might answer my question then because we'll already be thinking.

Speaker A: You could, you could go ahead this way. If I was doing it, I'd probably do it the way you've been currently doing it unless it's something where I'm really like looking head going, hey, wait a sec, I wanna jump into that right now. Yeah. If, yeah, these ones, well, that's a 19-minute video and then, well, there's, yeah, those first 3, that one's only 2, 2 minutes 45 and 8 minutes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: If you did, you could, you could jump through.

Speaker C: We could try it that way this time and see.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Speaker C: Sometimes we get to the end of it and we're like, What just happened?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's all too new and you're like, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: I was actually wondering as well too. Sorry, Christo. Sorry for, um, jumping in, but should we, I just don't know where we should be at with these modules as well too. Like I figured there's what, 12 modules that we do one per month, but so is that right? Or I've only finished, I've only finished module 1.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you wanted to, you'll, it'll get in the, in future sessions, there is real clear, like, here's the strategy to implement. Whereas 1 and 2, they are a little blurry because it's part of your branding and your brand voice or your, and sometimes like, oh, well, we're not gonna change the logo. And you know, there's certain parts you have and don't, and it's almost one you could, 1 and 2, there's sort of no exact start and end to the work, if that makes sense. Like you could review your brand, you could review the content we do in session 1 and 2 for every quarter for the rest of your business life. Do you know what I mean? Whereas you just sort of get them to the point where you, you know, you feel like they're in a good place or bringing them to, you know, advisory board. That's why we're here every week as well. So that you can just, just bring the questions. It's like, hey, look, I haven't even made a start on this part of module 2 and we're up to module 4 now. That's fine.

Speaker B: You know, just— Is that okay? Because I was like, how are we going to work this? There's 12 modules. Just do one a month and you'll keep up.

Speaker A: Do the— do what you can with CleverBunch. Bring the questions here. And the advisory board, that's why I always say there's no agenda on these sessions because you might you might be at session module 3 of Clever Bunch, but you suddenly have a special promo running and you don't touch module 3. You know, you don't do anything because you've got something else going on in business and you can bring that to us here on advisory board because business isn't like clockwork, right? Suddenly, yeah. Or you have a family trip or whatever, you know, and it's like, it's all good. Yeah, totally fine. You'll, you'll, Yeah, you follow it along and it's in sequence for a reason and follow it as best you can. But it's like, don't, don't worry at all. You can be at module 9 and asking about question about module 1 and it's completely fine.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Thank you for that.

Speaker C: Thanks. No worries.

Speaker B: That was a good question. Cool.

Speaker C: I'll go start on my homework for Friday then.

Speaker A: Yay. There you go. Perfect. Alright. Alright. Well, Enjoy the rest of your afternoon.

Speaker B: Yep. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Appreciate it. You're welcome. I'll chat to you soon.

Speaker B: Bye. Hey, Jody. Hi, Christo.

Speaker A: How are you? Good, thank you.

Speaker B: How are you? I'm good, thank you.

Speaker A: Good, good, good. Just getting set here. Yeah, it looks like you are the one and only question.

Speaker B: Oh my goodness.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. This is good. You get a private consult here. Yeah. Awesome.

Speaker B: On your opt-in.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. I just rearranged my screen. You should be able to see my screen there now, right? Welcome. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: Cool. Well, yeah, you've got the one and only. Yeah. You never know. It's like, oh, typo there. Some weeks there'll be like 10 questions. Next week there's one or none, you know, it's like, it's unpredictable.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. No worries. Usually the week after Clever Bunch meetings, there's an influx of questions because we get the, everyone that is working on new things. So let's get into yours anyway. You have been busy, which is good. And working on your lead magnet. So I don't, I've got all the 3 documents here. What would be cool? So basically it looks pretty straightforward. Join the, join, basically get 10% off with the opt-in and, and these resources, can you explain these? So this is gonna be, Cause you said in-store for in-store.

Speaker B: Yeah. So basically I have a bricks and mortar store and that's where I make my money. The website is pretty dormant. Um, so yeah, I'm just trying to, um, get the website moving. So I figured out one way, cause, uh, customers come into my shop. I have a, um, a shop in Far North Queensland, Kuranda. So it's a tourist destination. So I have lots of tourists come through and if I don't, I feel like if I, uh, that's an opportunity for me to get those details and I haven't really been doing it, um, until now. Um, so yeah, so I figured that they're my customer base. They're the people that I can actually reach at the moment. Um, so Yeah, I figured that I need to get their details to pop them into my database to end up retargeting them through email marketing. Yep. So yeah, so this is what we do. So we've got a little spiel going now where we kind of like when a customer is purchasing from us, we ask if they do online shopping. And if they do, um, ah, or say yes, I'll just, we're just going to be direct and say, can I please grab, can we grab your, um, email details? And you'll go into, you'll get on your first online order, you'll get 10% off. And then, um, you can end up going into our loyalty program as well too.

Speaker A: Um, yeah. So, and have you started doing that?

Speaker B: Is that working? Yes, we have just started doing it. Yeah, and we are, we are managing to, um, get a few different customers each day to sign up. It just depends how busy we are, if we can actually spend the time to actually talk to these customers. Um, yeah, and also the fan for a fan thing is it's obviously very hot up in far north Queensland, and then it gets hotter As time goes by through the summer months, so customers that come into our shop are dying. So yeah, a fan is a good pull to actually try and get some people to possibly like us on Facebook or Instagram. So I'm giving away a fan if they actually take the time to— so I've got QR codes in store as well too. So it's kind of like a little bit, it's easy for them to scan the QR code and and give us a like or a follow.

Speaker A: Okay, awesome. That makes sense. So that, and it is a good idea, especially if you're, well, a big part of your market coming through the store are tourists and they're not gonna come back and buy another dress the next day, then you, you wanna get 'em to your online store. Yes. So I think it's an awesome, awesome approach and to try and get, yeah, like keep them as a customer for life basically is the, the goal here. Even if it's someone from Adelaide or wherever they, wherever they're based. So I like it. And if you've already been started doing that, that's great. And if it's working, obviously, yeah, there's something you could, I don't know, with being busy, if there's a thing, you know, hey, just pop your details over here, you know, and then onto the next customer or something like that. But it's definitely a, I think it's definitely a good approach. I like it, like for sure. And I think the, like, this is great. You know, we'd love for you to sign up for, to join our Sapphire Circle. Well, that's hard to read. Hey, let me just pull this.

Speaker B: Lost it. So yeah, I've done all of this through ChatGPT because I've never really used it before. And Yeah, I've managed to do the Basic Bananas brand voice. So this is kind of like being written in the brand voice. Voice.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: This one, this is great. This one, like in the, it looks, it looks good. Did you do the design here within ChatGPT as well?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Just using that brand voice. Yeah. So that's how it came out. I'm, I'm pretty sure I can possibly go into the, personal or into the customized GPTs and possibly find a program there that might do something a little bit more fancy.

Speaker A: But yeah, yeah, I think we're getting the message across because it's almost like a letter, right? This one, you've got the, you know, much love and a sign-off. Like, it's, um, I think this one's all good. Thank you for your support. Share, um, sign up to our website and enjoy 10% off your first online order. Cool. And please share the love by leaving a Google review, following us on social media. Cool. Now this one's, this is good and it looks nice and pro. The purple one looks a bit too simple. I like the brand, needs a little, this one needs a bit of a rework just in terms of design.

Speaker B: Yeah, this is just a poster for in-store. We're not actually giving this to the customers and we're kind of like really kind of like talking We're kind of like really talking through this process with the customer. So it's kind of like nobody even really sees the poster. Yeah, because we have to physically do this with the customer. So we have to kind of like say, hey, do you want to be— we'll give you a fan for a fan.

Speaker A: You're looking a bit hot there.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I do agree that it is a bit gammon, the poster. But again, I did this in ChatGPT.

Speaker A: And yeah, you could probably do— have you ever used Canva? No, no, I haven't. Because Canva, I reckon probably even on free account, like I'm not sure because I have my team, you could go in. I haven't been logged in in ages, but even when I logged in like years ago, you log in, they see simple templates where it's like, it's just a design tip. So you write whatever you want and it'll just be laid out perfectly. Because with this one, I just, these boxes are a little bit funny. And then the alignment seems a little interesting. Like just know that this is centered and these are, you know, I guess they're sort of bullets. So they're left aligned and then this is centered all again. It does look a little disjointed though.

Speaker B: Yeah, I agree. It did take me a while to actually do this, like hours and hours and hours with ChatGPT, but this is my first play with it. Yeah. So I was like, oh my God, because these boxes were actually supposed to be emojis, but it translated them to these boxes and I had asked them to align it and it was just like, oh my God. Okay. Like just print this one.

Speaker A: That's okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: It seems like this one, like, like that as a thank you should be left aligned as well or something, you know, something just to cause it's a little bit, that's why something like a, yeah, like a Canva template, you'd be able to just type it straight in and it might say, I'll try and rework that in Canva.

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker A: Cause it's very simple. It's just the text so far and there'll be a template where they, here's your headline, here's your 3 points and, you know, or play with it again. I just don't like the idea of it sort of cheapening the look of your brand.

Speaker B: Yes, I agree.

Speaker A: I agree. Yeah. And it's like this one doesn't do you justice. No, that's fair enough. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We want everything creating a nice perception. You know, people judge the quality of the product based on the— they see a picture, you know what I mean? It's like you just have to be careful that everything's sort of perception, whereas this one looks nice and pro, the layout. I thought that must be the case too, because I saw these little boxes down here. So I was like, what's that trying to insert there for Facebook? And yeah, you know, your website. And then it's done the same thing up, you know, on the purple one with those little boxes. But this one's fine. This is, I think this is fine. It looks like a letterhead, like a professional.

Speaker B: Yeah. Because basically that one we're putting in the bag with every purchase. Yeah. So, yeah, I'm just getting them printed at a copy shop.. And yeah, so just whether, and I also have QR codes on the back of it. So I have the, yeah, Facebook review, Facebook, Instagram, Google review.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, cool. Yeah. Okay, cool. You know, that's, that's good. Hey Michelle. Hello. We're just reviewing Jodie's here. Jodie's the one question for today. There's only one sent went through. So it's reviewing some resources as, because majority of her customers come in store. Well, they all come in store. Well, a lot. And then she has an online store. But the problem is a lot of her customers that come in store are tourists. So they don't, they're not coming back 2 weeks later because they've gone. So we've got to move them to the online shop. And so that's what it's doing here. So someone comes in, they buy, they get given this in-store to basically move them to the online shop for the next purchase, which is a great idea. And there are also things like 10% when you do a discount like this to keep in mind as well, Jodie. It is, it is like it's okay to be kind of generous on a first sale if they've come in store and bought because it doesn't cost you anything else in terms of marketing. That makes sense. It's like you made the sale or you had them in store.. And then if you get 'em to buy, it's not like you had to spend money on an ad to then get that next purchase. And if it gets them to buy once online, you know, hopefully then you do a good job. They think that was great and I'll buy more, you know, and you get the repeat customers online. So yeah, that one all good. This one, as we've already gone through, needs a bit of a redesign, but otherwise it's straightforward and all good and a cool idea. Fan for a fan, that one, Michelle, she's doing an actual fan because she's in North Queensland, so it's very hot.

Speaker B: So you see a sweaty customer and go, hey, obviously they have to be purchasing from us. We're not just giving away fans to everybody when they make a purchase.

Speaker C: Yeah, but an ecologically sound thing too, environmentally.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Cool, cool idea. And then this one on the website. So sort of, I guess, a different approach because they do this on the website. Same thing though, same opt-in. What would be cool to think about with this one, Jodie, is what happens next. So someone opts in on a website. This is where we can start to think like, what's the next step? Next step. So if they've opted in, they get a you know, maybe an email right away that says, you know, ideally automated email that says, you know, thanks for joining the Sapphire Circle. Here's your 10% off. And you do want to try and in that, in that very first email, try and get them back to the, the online store. So here's your 10% off voucher. And then you could even in the email number one, put something like, you know, here's our best sellers or our 3 best sellers if you're wondering where to start or our best selling categories even, you know, whether it's dresses, shirts, hats, whatever, like something to try and sort of get intrigue them and here's your 10% off and here's basically the best sellers at the moment or something or here's our sale items or something, whatever, something to try and because while you've got them, You know, we're all a bit like that. If I've just opted in, put my details in, like the best time to try and hit me is right now because I'm actually, yeah, I'm interested right now. But as 3 days go by, I might walk into a shop down the road here and I bought the skirt I wanted, you know, and it's sort of like done or so you want to try and try and get them with something right away. Sometimes you can in that email number one, try and include a bit of call to action, like ideally try and intrigue and move them to something or move them back, you know, to the online store or to bestsellers or something. And you can even in a PS do something like, you know, here's a snippet from one of our reviews or here's what people say about our online store or something like that. You know, and it says PS, here's what people say about online store, you know, love it, thanks for the experience, product arrived beautifully, so good to deal with, whatever, you know, like something a little, get a little snippet from a review or testimonial that shows credibility for the online store ideally. Because that's one of our things with any online shopping, right? It's just the trust, like, will the thing arrive. Does this business actually exist in Australia? Like, you know, this sort of common fears we have, or if I put my credit card details in, will it work? You know, is it legit and all that? So if there can be something that builds a little bit more trust, that would be great in that first email. Usually what I'll then do, do you want me to keep going? I'll explain a Yeah. What I'd then usually do is like that all, that all goes in email number 1 immediately as soon as someone puts their details into this. And then I'd have another automated email about 2 days later. Yeah. The 2 days later, what you're trying to do and keep in mind is that email is a really important one to train people basically in what to expect from you in the future. Okay. So if that email's— so what do we try and do? It doesn't exactly always work for everyone, but try and be short, sharp, and valuable. So it's like, you know, because our inboxes are always like a cluster of stuff. Yeah. So you try not to be too— even if you, if it was like a giant article, even if it was super valuable, it's just not the space, you know, it's like you try and be short, sharp, and valuable. So it could be something like, like, you know, to make things simple, here's our bestsellers again, or here's a little tip when color matching or something like that, or here's a little, just something, do you know what I mean? Sort of like try and make it kind of like a juicy short email. And because what you're trying to do is then when the next email comes in a month later, next email, I sort of have an idea of what to expect. That you're gonna send, if that makes sense. Yes. Yeah. But sometimes it could be tip, like information or something, color matching, something. Don't know.

Speaker B: You might have some ideas, something. Yeah.

Speaker A: I'll ask ChatGPT. Yes. Good idea. Yeah. And otherwise, with online and e-commerce style store fashion, it could be, you know, here's just 3 of our best sellers for this upcoming summer. Or something, you know, there it's the kind of thing we like, you know, as an online shopper, if it's from an e-commerce store. So something where it makes life easier for me rather than having to fish around on the store, if that makes sense. Yeah. You could, I was just thinking what else can be sometimes in these sort of emails, sometimes like you can include points like an FAQ. It could be like in the PS, hey, some frequently asked questions. Number 1, you know, what's the typical period of time that it takes for you to send the products? Number 2, what if it doesn't fit? Number 3, you know, just some, there could be some short FAQs in there to kind of help build trust as well. Or if you wanted to delay that one to be, say email number 1's immediately, email number 2's on day 2, and maybe on day 5 you could do another email with, with that sort of information.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: 1, 2, and 5.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And just keep that in mind no matter whatever goes, it's training them. So on what to expect in the future. So you kind of look at it and think, would I like to get this email?

Speaker B: Yeah. It's kind of like spammy.

Speaker A: I hate spammy emails. Yeah. Yeah. And if it's fluff, if it's just too much just info and waffles on, but you know, just try, that's why it's like short and sharp, like try and get to to the point. Ideally make it valuable if you can. Sometimes a little tip, like it could be a one paragraph tip and, and by the way, here's our bestsellers at the moment.

Speaker B: Yeah, like really short.

Speaker A: Yeah, tip and valuable. Yeah. Yeah. And keep in mind the PS is a great part of an email. The PS is often the most read part when, when the emails get slightly longer, the PS is always the part we read, you know, what's that? Yeah, what did they miss here? What did they put down here? So that, that can be a good place for a call to action as well. So you might say, you know, as the founder, here's my number one, my favorite product right now. P.S., here's my favorite product right now. You know, a little bit of a personal touch and a link directly to an item can be a good way to go. Yeah, nice way to sort of direct them from the email back to the, the online store.

Speaker B: Yeah. That all makes sense?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah.

Speaker B: Cool. Any questions on any of those? Yeah. No, I think, yeah, it's just I have to do the follow-up with the emails and stuff. So I'll have to do that sequence and I'll get ChatGPT to help me.

Speaker A: Yeah. And easy, I'd probably get ChatGPT, to work it out for you and you can, you know, you can even write it, write it, get it done if you want. And in my brand voice too. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Brand voice. Exactly. Anything you want to cut through in terms of brand character for sure. And then what if you want, what you could do is an easy way for us to then review is you put them all into like say one Word doc or Google doc or something. Where it's like, here's email number 1, go on day 1, here's email number 2, day 2, and just so we can see, it's even nice for yourself. You have them in one doc. You can sort of see there's the, the email sequence. Yeah. And then feel free to send it for, say, next week's advisory board, or, and we can have a look and check over those as well. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you. No worries. Well done.

Speaker B: This is good.

Speaker A: I like it. And I do, I definitely love the approach, getting people to the online, online store. And at least, and you said everyone's getting this one, right?

Speaker B: If they buy something. Yes, everybody's getting it. Yeah. In their bag.

Speaker A: Well, if they purchase. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cool. You could, I don't know. It's sometimes you can also try things like in-store competitions and things like that. I like this for now. Like this is great, but sometimes an in-store competition, hey, you know, enter your details to win whatever, $100 on our online store, $100 credit or something, which will be drawn at the end of the quarter.

Speaker B: Enter your name and email over here and that boom, put them in the database. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I have seen that one as well too.

Speaker A: So yeah, I'll keep that one in mind. Yeah. Cause I think for you, it's, it's a good, it's a good work in progress forever probably to be thinking about how, how else can we get them from shop to online shop. Yeah. Like the, your shop is your ad. You gotta go from the ad to the face-to-face ad to the online shop.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. That's the trouble is, yeah, just trying to get their email and people are hesitant to give their email. So we've kind of like gotta be a little bit sassy, a little bit cheeky about it, but obviously be honest with them and tell them that they will be in our email marketing list. Um, but yeah, so I can do that through my staff who I've got some awesome staff. So they're a little bit cheeky.

Speaker A: So yeah, and you could think it's like, uh, hey, do you want to join our, um, you know, our Sapphire Circle to get 10% off your first purchase online? You know, you can use whenever you're like, oh yeah, you know, okay, you know, that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. It's good. And it is, it's like a work in progress. Maybe one for you with your staff is as like part of a, like the magic numbers, part of a weekly meeting process is like, how are we going? You know, currently in terms of just posing the question gets everyone thinking in terms of getting people from the store to the online store.

Speaker B: And that's what I've been doing. I've got a little book. We've set up a little book because I want them to be accountable for it. So I want to have, you know, a little competition to see who's kind of like signing up the, or having Facebook likes and stuff. So, yeah. So it's actually being actioned instead of just asking them to do it and then maybe not doing it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, well done. This is good.

Speaker B: I like it. I am moving.

Speaker A: I'm doing something. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. This is good.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And that's it. It's just getting the focus onto it and, you know, and continuing to do that, like, with a repetition of, like, what else could we do? What else could we do? And then, and then that even bring, might bring more questions to us as well that we can then brainstorm with you. You know, it just keeps the ideas flowing. Yeah. Yeah. Brilliant. Oh, well, very good.

Speaker B: Anything else I can help you with on that one at the moment, or you? Maybe if you can just have a little bit of a scroll through the website as well too and just Give me, open here. That was the option.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Because the website, I've had it for, yeah, I don't know, this particular one for a year and it's so hard to get it going.

Speaker A: I'm like, yeah, that one image here, it is quite cool though. You could reduce this image down. Like, I don't know if it's gonna be easy enough to do with this or if it's gonna be a total nightmare just to adjust something like that. But ideally what I like to see would be about that size. Like this top image to be reduced to about only take about that much of space so that I could see these. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like even I wonder if you can get a title above these boxes instead of below. Like what I'd love to see is I land on the site and it sort of looks about like that. Obviously these menus, and things will need to, you know, once this image is reduced, I'd see the menus, then I'd see the image. And then if I could see at least the top of these and I could see something that said even that, like dresses, pants, skirts. So you think they need to be up the top? Yeah. Yeah. Because then before I'd even scroll, ideally I'd be able to see that and then that captures my, gets my eye, right? So I like land here and I'm like, because at the moment I might land here and I'm like, oh, okay. And it's it's sort of your most valuable real estate. Yeah. Is what I can see there. Whereas if I can just see the top of these, it's just an, oh, right. You know, I see the word skirts and ideally those 3 would be your best-selling categories. Yeah. So that if I land here, I see skirts, I'd be, oh, that's right. I'm looking for a skirt. Boom. I'm straight down that kind of pathway. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. And it's a very, I guess, She's all good. Features, collections, testimonials, and kind of otherwise the homepage ticks all the boxes. And then really, um, Let's have a look. So I mean, you could, you could include a tiny snippet from a testimonial even in the description. I know a lot of, like, your site probably has it automated to go somewhere like here. But what you can actually do just to sort of like override it a little bit is you whack in here like a in quote marks in italics, you know, thanks so much, amazing customer service, just a snippet from a testimonial and within product descriptions is a nice little workaround so that as I'm here and I'm like, am I gonna buy this thing or not? Okay, there's a testimonial for a little bit of extra trust. And then let's see what happens. Yeah. And then it's just pretty straightforward, right? Did we— is this Shopify? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And this is nice and user-friendly, Shopify, isn't it?

Speaker B: With like the Google Pay and everything.

Speaker A: Yeah. Even I can add products.

Speaker B: Yeah. No, that's all good. Uh, the try it on avatar, that was my personal GTP that I made from one of your masterclasses. So it's, it's not very good, but I did, I kind of like made a personal, uh, yeah, it's okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Cool. Well, that's cool. It's interesting. Yeah. I'm just playing. I'm just playing around with things and I'll probably end up taking it off because, um, it's a bit clunky. But yeah, I was, I was kind of like, oh my God, I've done this.

Speaker A: Like, wow. Yeah. You could have like one, the main thing, like basically your homepage is the is kind of like when new customers, it's getting them over the line. So even just this text here, shop by collections, you could have like purpose statement kind of statement sitting there. And then, you know, even putting in based in XYZ, North Queensland, creating styles for the climate and, you know, for the relaxed Australian or something just so it sees like. So we know, okay, this is where you are. You're legitimate. It's who you are on that about page that I just went to. I'd even like to see a couple of photos of your shop or maybe even one or like one somewhere down here. Yep. Because it just shows you're real. It's not like another backyard, you know, person that's popped up on Instagram, created a label and disappears the next day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like you've got a legitimate, like a section like this, you know, you could have like the reviews for sure, but another little content block where it says, you know, meet us, meet our team in the shop or something like that, even though we might not ever, I might be based in Sydney like I am, but it still just shows, oh wow, they're a legitimate business with a store on the ground. Yeah. And a little bit of blurb text there. And then if those titles came up, there's a few things you could just do straight away. Okay. Yep. Awesome. Okay. Cool. Well, yeah, and if you want on that, we can obviously review further on this as well if you want to, you know, say maybe making those changes and then come back and say we can have a look over next week in more depth as well if you'd like for sure. But definitely there's plenty of stuff you can keep tweaking, but those are the major changes. I'd have a play with this first and see if that that, you know, as long as it doesn't spoil the whole alignment of the website or anything, reducing that image.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm not— yeah, I'll have to have a look. I'm not sure how to do that, whether it was like, yeah, set and leave kind of like, yeah, whether I needed to do code for that or—

Speaker A: you might be able to reduce the size of the image and then like re-add it to the site because maybe the site just puts it on as large as it is kind of thing. It's hard to know with the templates are always different on the website templates. So yes, have a play and then, yeah, yeah, yeah. And feel free to add and do those changes and come back and say, hey, now what do you think?

Speaker B: You know, and we can just keep, yeah. So do you think that, do you think it's a little bit pixelated as well too?

Speaker A: My screen is massive, that, so it does, oh, It does a little bit, but it's probably a typical monitor would be about there. And so it's, it's a little soft just around the face, but the rest, no, I don't, not, it's pretty sharp.

Speaker B: I had it edited from a freelancer and like after looking at so many photos, I'm like, oh, has he edited this or is he just it's just the same photo.

Speaker A: Yeah, the same thing. Yeah, it gets— it's got a little bit of a fadey kind of look, like slightly sort of soft look.

Speaker B: Like these ones look super sharp. Yeah, that— what I was—

Speaker A: yeah, paying another lady to do those ones. That one there is super sharp. Yeah, it does have a bit of a soft sort of slight blurred sort of soft look, pixely look. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. And just keeping in mind, yeah, it's like sort of before we scroll, like, what can we see? And ideally, I would see this and it'd have those kind of images there, a bit more text. Maybe it'd be something like purpose statement, you know, as I mentioned, something about, you know, creating the perfect or whatever, you know, tailored for the environment and then this one, which is good. And then maybe shot shop by collections and then it goes to these boxes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So just more information there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It helps us buy into the brand. You know what I mean? Like shop by collection.

Speaker B: Like I don't feel the brand yet. Cool.

Speaker A: Okay. Well, thank you for that, Christo. You are very welcome. Nice work. Keep it all moving. And yeah, as I said, don't be, you know, don't be shy sent through over and over and over. And the same with the, the opt-in sequence, like creating maybe a Word doc, putting the emails together in a Word doc and then send them through so they can kind of look at it step by step. Will be awesome.

Speaker B: Well, that's us for today.

Speaker A: Thank you. Nice work. Appreciate it.

Speaker C: Yes, you are very welcome. Thanks, Michelle, as well. Can I ask a quick question? Oh yeah. So not, not reviewing anything. I haven't had a chance to work on the brochure, but I was wondering about, um, for Friday's class. I don't know if you're doing that or not. Um, is there anything— the classes go so fast. Is there anything we can kind of have ready to be prepared and have on the screen or just have in mind?

Speaker A: To kind of get some more? What for this one, the things like the brand voice, a big part of this one, you don't really, you don't have to have anything ready. This one, we're gonna be looking at text, like it's copywriting and also how you verbally talk about your business. Like, so how do you create text that converts customers? Which what relates to that is obviously like,, you know, how quick are you with, say, ChatGPT? Because you can create your text, you know, there now, or you can at least brainstorm it with ChatGPT, do 80% of it, you know, with ChatGPT or whatever program you're using. So if you have that on hand, that's great. And that's all you really need. Like, here's the brand voice, you know, what we're all about, our best sellers, even info like where we are can help it sort of sometimes tailor the language a little bit. Yeah. And otherwise for this one, you don't really need anything. If you wanted to get a head start, you could go on the members site and, and watch within the Clever Bunch resources. There are videos on there. So you could, but you'll be kind of doubling up a little bit though. So there's no, no need to do it. But in here in Clever Bunch, module 3, you could jump in and, you know, go through these if you— just to get our heads around it. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And it's only really if you've got time, but if you wanted to, some members sometimes do it that way.

Speaker C: They kind of like to watch it, prepare as much as possible, then come to the— okay. On the other hand, we've been doing it the other way, but that's probably—

Speaker A: that might answer my question then because we'll already be thinking. You could, you could go ahead this way. If I was doing it, I'd probably do it the way you've been currently doing it unless unless it's something where I'm really like looking ahead going, hey, wait a sec, I wanna jump into that right now. Yeah. If, yeah, these ones, well, that's a 19-minute video and then, well, there's, yeah, those first 3, that one's only 2 minutes 45 and 8 minutes. Yeah.

Speaker C: If you did, you could, you could jump through. We could try it that way this time and see.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah, exactly. Sometimes we get to the end of it and we're like, what just happened?

Speaker B: Yeah, it's all too new and you're like, yeah, yeah. I was actually wondering as well too, sorry, Christo, sorry for, um, jumping in, but should we, I just don't know where we should be at with these modules as well too. Like I figured there's what, 12 modules that we do one per month, but so. Is that right?

Speaker A: It is. I've only finished module 1. Yeah. So you wanted to, you'll, it'll get in the, in future sessions, there is real clear, like, here's the strategy to implement. Whereas 1 and 2, they are a little blurry because it's part of your branding and your brand voice or your, and sometimes like Oh, well, we're not gonna change the logo. And you know, there's certain parts you have and don't, and it's almost one, you could one and two, there's sort of no exact start and end to the work, if that makes sense. Like you could review your brand, you could review the content we're doing session one and two for every quarter for the rest of your business life. Do you know what I mean? Whereas you just sort of get them to the point where you, you know, you feel like they're in a good place or bringing them to, advisory board. That's why we're here every week as well. So that you can just bring the questions. It's like, hey, look, I haven't even made a start on this part of module 2 and we're up to module 4 now.

Speaker B: That's fine. You know, just— Is that okay? Because I was like, how are we going to work this? There's 12 modules.

Speaker A: Just do one a month and you'll keep up. Do what you can with CleverBunch, bring the questions here. And the Advisory board, that's why I always say there's no agenda on these sessions because you might, you might be at session module 3 of Clever Bunch, but you suddenly have a special promo running and you don't touch module 3. You know, you don't do anything because you've got something else going on in business and you can bring that to us here on advisory board because business isn't like clockwork, right? Suddenly, yeah. Or you have a family trip or whatever, you know, and it's like, just That's all. It's all good. Yeah, totally fine. You'll, you'll, yeah, you follow it along and it's in sequence for a reason and follow it as best you can. But it's like, don't, don't worry at all. You can be at module 9 and asking about question about module 1 and it's completely fine.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Thank you for that. Thanks. That was a good question.

Speaker A: I'll go start on my homework for Friday then. There you go. Perfect. All right. All right.

Speaker B: Well, enjoy the rest of your afternoon.

Speaker A: Yep. Thank you so much.

Speaker B: Appreciate it. You're welcome.

Speaker C: I'll chat to you soon.

Speaker B: Bye for now. Bye.