Speaker A: All right, let me get a few more things opening, and we're just waiting for everyone to arrive. And then today we are going to talk about social media. Who loves social media? Asking sarcastically a little bit. No, I know, I don't like it. I wrote a book, I wrote a book about it actually. Wiley, let me see where it is. This one here. I wrote this book because Wiley, the publisher, asked me to write it, and I said, no, I don't want to write a social media book. I'm not a social media expert. Like, yeah, but we give you a good deal. So I'm like, okay, anyone, really anyone can write a social media book. So I wrote it. This was before ChatGPT, by the way. But it's not something that I normally talk about too much because I don't want to be a social media— I don't want to be seen as a social media expert because I'm not. And as some of you, I don't really like social media, but it is really useful for business. It is an incredibly powerful tool for business. It will stay around in some shape or form. It might, it might change a bit how we use it, but it is such a great tool, especially for your industry. Your audiences are most likely on some social media channel. So let's talk about that today. I wanna quickly pull up a few things for you. Here you go. I wanna give you this such as a reminder of this one is a really cool framework. Who went through the, the module 5? Uh, who, who has gone through it? Yeah, Ash went through it. Amy, Alicia, Leah, I wonder if you had time to go through it. I'm going to quickly share my screen. Leah, did you go through the, uh, Module 5? Did you have time?

Speaker C: Not yet, and I'm not really that good, so I just have to go through it again over the weekend.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So you did, you did go through it?

Speaker C: I did. And, um, yeah, doesn't really click the way I think others do. But yeah, yeah, I hate social media. You hate it?

Speaker A: Yeah, you're a bit more private, aren't you? Are you a bit more private, or why do you hate it?

Speaker C: I'm a bit more private, and I hate it too. Just don't get myself comfortable.

Speaker A: Yeah. Do you use it privately? Do you use it for your own person, or you don't use it?

Speaker C: My sister Amy is helping me with the social media.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay.

Speaker C: I, um, yeah, just, just my weakness, that's all. Just really comfortable, you know, opening myself up, showing up photos of myself, and I think I find it a bit too personal and invading my privacy, which I should be comfortable with it with this business.

Speaker A: There might be ways around it, you know, if you don't want to have your photo everywhere, it's okay, you can, you can do it in different ways. Yeah, that's, that's fine because some people are really comfortable with it, some people are not so comfortable. I'm comfortable with having my photo in places, but I just don't enjoy social media. But let's quickly, let's maybe start quickly with, I want to share with you and remind you of using this spreadsheet here. So what we're working towards— so what most people do is, we talked about this in session 1, most people when they look at their marketing, they don't have a plan. They just do random stuff randomly. Oh, maybe I do a bit of this, maybe do a bit of that. So what I'd like to remind you is that we have this really awesome spreadsheet that we're slowly working through. And I'm pretty sure many of you haven't used it yet. So I'm not even gonna ask who is using it. I'm just gonna pop it in the chat. And if you can open it right now, actually, no, let's see who, maybe let's just see who is struggling to open it or use it. Who needs help with using it? Have you— who has— okay, Kaina. Yeah, okay, cool. Has anyone got it, Lea? Has anyone got it on their desktop? Has anyone got their own file ready for their own business? Yeah. Oh, cool. Ash and Alicia. Okay, awesome. That's, that's good. That's about 50%, I would say. That's not that bad. So for, for the rest, for, I would say, Candice, maybe Amy, I'm not sure, Lea. So if you can click on that link, are you on a, on a computer, Lea, or on the phone, or what kind of—

Speaker C: I'm actually opening it now.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if you click on that, you open it and then just go to file. And then do you use Google documents or just Excel? Do you know how to use Google documents like that live in the cloud? Uh, me?

Speaker C: No.

Speaker A: Yeah. But do you use Excel? Do you? I do use Excel. Okay. So then just go to file and then just go download.

Speaker C: Oh my God. Hang on. Sorry. Just keep on going.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So go to, go to File, then go to Download. Let me know when you're there. And Candace, let me know if—

Speaker B: oh, sorry, um, mine's on paper.

Speaker D: Sorry, paper.

Speaker A: That's fine, you got it.

Speaker B: I just thought I could just scribble at desk, that's all.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can always get the soft copy whenever you—

Speaker B: I've got it on the computer, but just between the pair of us, it's easier if it kind of floats around on the desk at work, otherwise it gets forgotten.

Speaker A: Really cool. Leah, are you, are you there?

Speaker C: Yeah, finally open it now.

Speaker B: Oh, cool.

Speaker A: And then have you got the download?

Speaker C: No, I just open it from our—

Speaker A: Can you see the file? So you need, you'll need to make a copy because you can't actually edit this one. This is a master copy. So you'll have to go to File. Can you see that button at the top, top left?

Speaker C: Yeah, it said Art. Add shortcut to Drive, my Drive.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, you— no, actually, no, that doesn't work. No, you have to either download it onto your desktop or make a copy.

Speaker C: Okay, sure. I'll make— I think it's quicker to make a copy here.

Speaker A: Yeah, if you use Drive, make a copy. Yeah. Yeah, so make a copy. So here you go, make a copy, name it your business name, and then marketing ecosystem. And then the reason why I wanted to remind you of this is because I'd like to, for you to start adding things that you're working on. So some of you, I think Candace, you started working on the postcard campaign. Remember we talked about it?

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Have you sent some out?

Speaker E: No.

Speaker B: I've got them from Vistaprint, but I haven't actually done anything.

Speaker A: Awesome. That's great.

Speaker B: Yeah. I just used the template from our, our little gift voucher. So I kept that on one side and then just put like a little, you know, like a quote thing on the other side.

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, really good. Really, really good. That's good. Okay. So we talked about postcard campaign.

Speaker B: Well, I can actually add that to this list too. Yeah.

Speaker A: And then obviously today we're gonna talk about social media. You're also doing sponsorship. So you, you're the one that is doing sponsorship of like soccer clubs and stuff, right?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, sorry. I was like, are you reading this or no? You remember? Yes. Basketball. Yeah, basketball.

Speaker E: Basketball.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's right. Of local basketball team. So anything that you're currently doing, um, Leah was meant to do— let's see, she was meant to do vouchers for hairdressers, for the hairdresser. Did that happen?

Speaker C: Um, I try to do it through Canva.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's not easy.

Speaker C: I, I'm, I'm going to do it on a weekend.

Speaker E: Did—

Speaker A: yeah, was it a bit hard to, to do it?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: So I'm just technically, like, technologically really not savvy at all.

Speaker B: So once you kind of get used to how fiddly it is, I find it easy to go in and like pick a template like you might type in like gift voucher or something and then grab that gift voucher and then like literally just click on it and change colors or like you can change a picture or I mean, I don't know if that's the best way, but I, I don't know. That's what I did.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. I mean, I have a designer, but I know that my 11-year-old stepdaughter, she literally just made an invitation in Canva. For, for, let's see, this one here. She did it in maybe 10 minutes. So she went into Canva, got a template for a birthday party. This is for my daughter and she just made this and she's like 11 years old. I think we can all, and I, I'm with you, Ilya. I'm like, oh, another thing. I'm not, don't have time for this thing. But then I watch, you know, they let me all do this in 10 minutes. I'm like, wait a second, there's vouchers. But I also just went into ChatGPT and I just asked it to make me a voucher. I think you could, even if you're not fussy about the design, I think if you're not fussy about how it looks, I've just, I've just said to ChatGPT quickly, can you make me a voucher for 40% off? And it thinks it's for Ocean Lovers because I always talk about Ocean Lovers in here. It said, yeah, cool, how about this? And I didn't even read this. You've unlocked 40% off. I said, yeah, cool. Can you make me an image? And there we go. It's made me an image. So maybe if, if Canva is not your friend, but I think it will become your friend, you could also just whip something up here in ChatGPT.

Speaker C: Oh, that's my problem because I get really, really fussy and overwhelmed with how much choices in Canva. So I think that's my problem. So maybe I shouldn't be too fussy.

Speaker A: Don't be fussy. Don't be fussy. It's all good. I think it's just to get out there and because you have an amazing opportunity there to leverage your— so voucher for hairdressers goes in here. Anything else that you are working on goes in here. Does anyone want to share what they're— what else they're working on? And you're welcome to just come off mute.

Speaker B: As in for that traffic column, did you say?

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. And there might not be, but is there anything else in the traffic column?

Speaker B: Um, we've kind of put in everything that we could think of. So like you said, the, um, sponsorship, we put in that we've got signage, like the street and the car signage.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Um, like a monthly kind of email newsletter type thing. Unpaid social media like Facebook and Instagram. There's timely messages here, but to be honest, I don't know what— maybe the follow-up. Oh, that's right. 2 weeks after they have their treatment, we send like a follow-up text just to make sure that they're happy with their service. If they have any questions or concerns that they can get in touch with us.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's pretty much all we could think of.

Speaker A: And then Lee here. So that's awesome. And we just keep working on this. So anyone here, if you can grab this sheet, and I will remind you every week to keep working on this. So last time, so add anything you have, and maybe you have one thing or two things, maybe you have 10 things. Then last time we also talked about leads. Candice, were you here last time?

Speaker B: No, no, sorry, it was my husband's birthday and I felt bad.

Speaker A: That's fine. That's all good. Good excuse. Um, do you have some sort of a lead magnet in your business, like something like a low-risk offer for people who don't know you?

Speaker B: Um, uh, I guess we do a, um, like a free consultation.

Speaker A: Okay, yeah, that would be one.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, a free consultation. Um, I kind of, to be honest, like I've this sheet here, I was okay on the traffic column and I, I don't have anything else in the rest of it because I, I don't really understand what I was doing.

Speaker A: Yeah. But we'll work, you don't even have to have anything on there. Oh, good. Okay. No, no. By the end of the 12 weeks, we'll have, so at the moment we are still here. From next week on, we're going to start filling in these bits here.

Speaker B: Oh, good. Okay.

Speaker D: Done.

Speaker B: So yeah, I guess free consultations.

Speaker A: Yeah, last time that's what we talked about. We talked about what could you do, you know, it's hard in your industry because you can't promote too much, you know, you're not like legally not allowed to promote too much. But, but we did talk about, you know, free consultations. Some of you said, oh, they're a bit lame because everyone does it. So we said, oh, and that's true. So we're like, okay, what else could we do? And some of you came up with the idea, well, it could be like a, um, I think it was skin type assessment. It could be, you know, rather than just a consultation, it could be a specific thing. Or as one of you said, was it maybe Leah? It was, um, reviewing your, your routine, your skincare routine, what products you're using, if that's still a good thing that you're doing, or if you need to adjust that. So, you know, so yes, consultation, but giving it a specific flavor. Okay, so that would, that would go in here, leads. You know, some of you said, well, you, you could do a free, you know, a lot of industries do like, here is like a checklist on blah, you know, we, I mean, in my industry, in the marketing industry, you can do a lot of that. We can do, hey, here's a, here's a free AI marketing session, or here's the top 10 tools to use to automate your marketing. So for our industry, it's quite easy, even though a lot of our industries is a little bit crap, unfortunately. But for you guys, it's a bit more, you know, what, what could you do as a giveaway? You know, 10— I think some of you said, well, maybe 10, 10 foods to avoid if you want to have glowing skin, you know, things like that. But do people really want that? You have to maybe find out with your audience. But that will go in here. You know, I'm just going to say, like, for For example, for some of you, it could be a checklist. So that, that's where we're at at the moment. And then, and then we're going to keep going. You've already mentioned you got a monthly email, Candice, that will go under relationships. And then, but we haven't even worked on that yet. We're going to keep working on that. And then the follow-up 2 weeks post-appointment, that will also go in the relationship column here. So today we're going to talk about social media. And I think the best way to go is to just share, you know, share what's working for you, maybe what's not working. And then how can you approach social media in a way that it's not annoying? So let's maybe start with, does anyone have anything that is working? Or that you enjoy about social media? I think that the, you know, the most obvious question is always you need to just pick a channel and you only need to pick one or two channels. You don't need to be on every single channel. You just pick a few and then you decide to go hard on those. Now, the channels that you pick need to be where your audience is.

Speaker E: I find I love doing my website. I love creating things in clinic, like I'm just putting together these welcome bags with all this stuff. I love going into timely and doing all my customer messages and making sure that I go into Google and make sure everything's perfect. And then it gets to social media and I go, uh, I just don't want to do it and I've got no idea what to do. Yeah.

Speaker A: What's it— what's your, um, do you use Instagram?

Speaker E: Yeah, it's Haven Aesthetics underscore Gippsland.

Speaker A: Don't you have a few locations? Yep.

Speaker E: Just two.

Speaker A: Oh, so they each have their own?

Speaker B: Uh, they're—

Speaker E: no, it's all just— they're all in Gippsland, so it's just the one thing, and then I have them listed there.

Speaker A: Are you doing this? It's actually really nice, and look, you've got like quite a lot of followers. You got a big engagement too. You're doing something well.

Speaker E: Yeah, but I don't like it.

Speaker A: Don't like doing it?

Speaker E: I'm not doing it now. I'm just not doing it as often as what I feel, and when I'm doing it, I'm just thinking I don't even care. Do people even care about this? Like, it's not anything that I'm like really like, oh, I'm so excited to post this. And it's more so like even the event we went to, I'm like, oh, I better put up a photo. I just can't get excited about it.

Speaker A: It's just, well, you're doing something right and people clearly do care because like 80 likes, you know, on some of them, 190, 23, 50, like you got a high engagement. That's for organic, for organic posting. This is not paid ads, I assume, right?

Speaker E: This is all— No, I haven't done any of that because I don't know much about it. So, um, yeah, interested to—

Speaker A: Yeah, we'll definitely talk about that because for you, you got 4,000 followers without having to pay a cent. How long ago did you start it?

Speaker E: Uh, I've had Haven for 4 and a half years.

Speaker A: It's really good. You're doing something really well.

Speaker E: And it's maybe because I like colors. I love like the design kind of side of it. I just don't know about the information and putting those things together.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, the good news is apparently this is the good news for all of you. So apparently, you know, in the past, and we were like that too, you're like, oh, it all has to be about the aesthetics. It has to, you know, like your aesthetically is beautiful. And in the past, it was all about, it has to You know, tie into a grid that is cohesive, but these days the newest trend is that it can be more chaotic. So the newest trend is that it doesn't matter. It's just the newest trend is it can be chaotic as long as it's authentic.

Speaker E: I just, I just think I want it to be interesting too. And I, I guess it's, it's kind of knowing what's interesting to other people. Like sometimes I'll say something and they'll go, oh, why don't you put that on Instagram? I'm like, oh, is that exciting? I don't know. It's just something that I just know. It doesn't seem like it's interesting to me.

Speaker A: Hi, do we have somebody learning about marketing?

Speaker E: Oh yes, I have a dog and two kids. My husband's in New South Wales for a week, hence why I wasn't here last week because they were begging to go to bed, but now they're back at any moment. Oh, that's so lovely.

Speaker A: Well, they can join as long as, you know, they can learn something. Maybe they have something to share. I mean, this is kind of good a good way to demonstrate something too.

Speaker E: Yeah, I'm not even sure if I'm supposed to allow— I'm supposed to have that anymore.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm not quite sure actually. That's probably true. It's funny enough, the ones with the people in it, see the ones that have people in it, this one, this one, this one especially, and this one, they get the most. And this one too, they get the most, uh, likes.

Speaker E: So it shows us again, still got a lot of photos that I can use because we had Maybe, please. I got, got some done, but yeah, I kind of just think, oh, how many photos of us can I put up? But yeah, I just want to focus maybe more on, yeah, the engaging content to go with the photos, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then, you know, the thing that we have found, and I've also shared this with you in the module, because people, you know, most A lot of people, and Leah will be like, you know, like me too, like, what the heck do I post? And so here are like, you know, 4 sort of, we call them buckets or 4 content. Yeah, we call them content buckets that you can post them for. So the behind the scenes is this kind of stuff. And I'll go through these in a minute, but we have found that even for basic knowledge, like we sometimes spend so much time curating something good.

Speaker D: I have—

Speaker A: my team does it now and they're okay at it. I just, I don't care enough, so I'll just let them run wild. But I've, I've— in the past I've spent time creating something really cool, valuable. And so we would post that, something valuable, and then we would post a photo of the team eating pizza, you know, having a team celebration. And it takes like one snap and just pizza party with the team, and guess what gets the most engagement. So it's okay to actually just not even have really long captions. Yeah, I think people, because your industry is so about people, and this is where Leah is not going to like it, but your industry is so about people. I'm going to come to you because I like these girls, you know. I, I, you guys look very trustworthy. You also look very naturally beautiful, like this is how I want to look, you know. I will look at this and go like, I want to look like this, and I also want to work with these ladies because they look super friendly and happy. So, so that's what this industry is all about. But it is a lot about the people, you know.

Speaker E: Yeah, definitely.

Speaker A: Can I trust them? Do they look good in my eyes? And everyone has a different ideal of beauty, and that's, you know, where I will choose to go as a potential customer. So you're doing really well with this. Now the next step for you will be the paid ads. Because you're doing organically really well and not many people do organically well. Hardly anyone does organically well. And so you just do like the paid ads on the ones that, I mean, you'll probably get to this, but on the ones that are doing well, you would do paid ads or, you know, already now, and we will go through paid ads, I think in session, I need to check quickly which session we're doing paid ads in, but already for you now, I would say I would already take some of the best performing ones like this one. This one, the ones that have the most engagement, and I probably would just boost it. You know, I would put maybe $20, $30, $40, maximum $50 on this one and make sure that you choose the geography to be Gippsland. Is that how you say it? Gippsland? Yeah. Yeah. So, so that's what I would do already for you because you will already get more traction. People, more people will see you in that area and then you warm up your audience. And then when we get to the advertising bit, the paid advertising bit, We already have a warm audience. We already have a warm audience here, but if we can just grow the warm audience, people who have already seen you, then the next step will be, this is awareness. The next step will be now let's make them an offer.

Speaker E: You know, we have a, this is going to be like kind of my part-time slash full-time job. So I'm about to leave the floor like on Saturday. So I, um, yeah, I'm excited to kind of really step into anything I can do to get all the girls that are, are there running their business for me really busy.

Speaker A: Yeah, really good. So, so for you, next phase is, I think you're doing really well content-wise. I think the next phase is just boost some of these posts. Let's grow your audience awareness. So that's awareness marketing. And then once we get to the next module, I'll show you how to also run ads.

Speaker B: Okay, thanks.

Speaker A: Well, these are boosted posts, are ads, but they're just not You know, then we don't have to go and craft something specific. We've already got here stuff here. Yeah. So here for anyone, and then let's, let's go through a few other, you know, accounts or questions you may have and we can see what's working for you and what's not working. Here, this content planner is really cool because if you're a bit stuck about what to post, you can go, okay, to be honest, you don't need to post more than 3, 4 times a week. It really doesn't make a big difference. I did a challenge with some of my Clubhouse members last year, and maybe 10 or 20 of us, we did, and I hated it. We did a 30-day challenge where we said every single day we're gonna post on social media. I use my personal account, but every single day we're gonna post something on— it was Instagram and Facebook, I think. Every day we post for 30 days. And I kept going for about 60 days or 90 days, and it made zero difference whether I posted every second day or every day. No difference. So guess what I do? I only post when I feel like it now. But on Basic Bananas, my team do have metrics. They do have to post, I think, 2 or 3 times a week. And then we spend money on advertising. That's where, where we grow the business the most is actually through paid advertising. So, so the organic posts are great. So people come and they see that, you know, there's something happening, but where the money lies is then in paid advertising. So let's say you, you decide to post 4 times a week or 3 times a week. You can go, okay, cool. I'm going to do one behind the scenes. Like Alicia mentioned before, she said, oh, you know, I love to get timely messaging and I made these goodie bags. Such an easy one to just take a photo of her behind, even if it's not her face, just from behind her doing something with goodie bags, you know, putting together goodie bags and say, You know, our founder is a bit obsessed with, with improving things or with gifting. Our founder is obsessed with gifting. She's right now, she's working on goodie bags. She spent 7 hours making these, you know, something a bit playful. And that makes me feel like, oh, that's so nice. I want one of these. But that would be such an easy behind the scenes. So just whenever you do something behind the scenes, and even if you don't feel like having your face on there, you can do it from here, or you can just have your hands on there or whatever you're doing. Or they got to get, you can get creative, like get timely. Maybe you're like, you know, drafting a message that is funny or, or maybe you don't send it, but you're like, hey, I was about to send this, but maybe it's, you know, pushing it too much and you can take a screenshot of that and post that.

Speaker B: So these behind the scenes, sorry to interrupt, are you meaning like them to go on like the Instagram wall as well, or are these mostly for stories?

Speaker A: I would say you can have them on both.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. The most, you know, the behind the scenes stories ones are just the everyday sort of stuff. Like, oh, you know, oh, we're doing this, we're doing this, but you can also, if you have everyone, then you have a good one. They also, they definitely, we, we, that's the pizza example. When we do a behind the scenes like pizza, we're eating pizza together.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's a curated one. And the pizza one gets way more engagement.

Speaker B: It's so hard to like, just looking at Alicia's wall is just so beautiful to actually go through and put on like a photo of your back, or, you know what I mean? Like, and I understand that people want to see that stuff, and I love to look at that, but it— I guess, you know, for someone who likes things to look pretty and balanced still, it's hard to get that.

Speaker A: Like, yeah, but you could do a nice— like the one from the behind.

Speaker E: You could say my goodie bags are really pretty, so just make them really pretty.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, you could actually. I think, I think Alicia will pull it off to make it super still looking good, but I know what you mean. You, because you're, you're probably quite visual. Most of you are probably quite visual. That's why you're in this industry. So it hurts you a little bit if it doesn't look good. It hurts me too. I'm very visual. Yeah.

Speaker B: We like pretty things.

Speaker A: Yeah. What's your one? What's your Instagram? Skin Shore.

Speaker B: Sorry. Um, yeah, Skin Shore.

Speaker A: Just Skin Shore? One of these. Oh, you're on mute for some reason. I can't hear you, I think.

Speaker D: Sorry.

Speaker B: Um, top one there. Yeah, that's ours as well, but that's the, the girls who were like the contractors. So that's the primary one.

Speaker A: Yeah, you're doing well too. Oh, and then you got Ebony here, but then that means— okay, so you only book for her?

Speaker B: Well, that should— that actually shouldn't be there, I don't think.

Speaker A: I don't think—

Speaker B: yeah, I mean, that should be changed.

Speaker A: Just put skin— yeah, you can just change it to skin shot. Yeah, yeah, because otherwise people will want to have her always.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, definitely.

Speaker A: You're doing really well too. And see, look, look, he's funny. 16, 10, 21.

Speaker B: Yeah, I know what you mean now that you say the photos that have like the ones that have people on them are like doing better.

Speaker A: Yeah, even this has nothing to do— oh, maybe it's a business award or something, but yeah, even if you were out and about on the beach, hey, we have a day off today. Yeah, a nice photo. It's always— look at this one here.

Speaker B: Wow.

Speaker A: And it's got way more than anything else because people want to see people. Yes, yes, yes. There we go. Yeah, yours is really beautiful too. You got the aesthetic thing going on too. Yeah, I think we have somebody on the phone maybe, or, oh no, maybe not.

Speaker D: Sorry.

Speaker A: That was next to me. Awesome. So, so you can do one behind the scenes, you know, tell a story of what are you doing. It could be just you doing something else or the goodie bags or, or preparing something or talking to someone. It can be a little sneak peek if something is happening, you know, anything that comes to mind that you— that could— I mean, it's not always what you think they find interesting. Clearly what they find interesting is the stuff with people in it. I think that the one of the highest ones was the one at the festival here.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's crazy.

Speaker A: Yeah, here. Yeah, and that's— that is— makes sense because they connect with you. That's people. Then you have the authority one. That's another bucket that you could post once a week. So you might say, hey, on whichever day, if you, you know, if you really want a strict schedule, you can make yourself have one. You can say on Fridays, we have fun, fun Friday where we do a behind the scenes thing. On Tuesdays, we're going to do authority building and that can be insights, questions, lessons like that. That's, but that's a bit of a fine line. You know, the one that, um, Alicia had with the tulip examples, maybe that you're not allowed to do that anymore. I wonder what kind of advice you can still share without getting arrested. What are you allowed to share?

Speaker E: Nothing.

Speaker A: Nothing.

Speaker B: I don't know. I was curious even if you were allowed to show like areas that can be treated with Botox, being like, you know, we can treat this area, this area, like, is that educational or is that, like, advertising? I don't bloody know.

Speaker A: I don't know, actually. But I was just thinking, I just asked ChatGPT, like, funny, you know, it could be anything like, can you give me some fun facts about skin health? So you could even be, did you know that, you know, did you know that you shed around 30,000 to 40,000 skin cells every minute? You're completely renewing yourself without even trying, you know, like, so it could be like the authority bit could be something that you find either, you know, something without saying you have to come in and use injectables. So just say, yeah, did you know that this and that? Or, you know, we just realized that blah blah, something that, something that, you know, or somebody maybe comes in and asks you a question about facials. You're allowed to talk about that. Something comes in that talks about facials. Oh, Um, you know, maybe I'll come in and say, oh, are facials only for people with dry skin? And then you tell me, no, actually the facial will be adjusted depending on your skin type, and then you just— that's something that you can share and say, oh, we just had a beautiful customer in, um, I wanted to clear up something about— I wanted to let you know about something in regards to facials. There are actually different, different types for different skins. So you can still talk about that kind of stuff, just not about the injectables. Engagement are the posts. They're super, they're super easy. Usually they're just short and they're usually, you know, engagement is where you ask people to engage with you. So it can't be too complicated. It can be only, oh, do you, let's say if I'm doing goodie bags, I might have, or let's say I do the postcard campaign and I have, I'm making 2 Canva designs, one with this code, one with this code. I would whip them together. I will take, you know, make it look— obviously for, for Cantonese to look good, make it look good. I will post it and say, hey, do you prefer this quote or do you prefer this postcard or this postcard? Prefer one or two? And then people will engage with that because it's a very easy vote.

Speaker E: We had a funny— so when we fit out our clinic, uh, the front of it, we had just these really old ugly terracotta tiles, and it took us a while, and we ran out of money at the beginning, so we just left them. And the rest of the clinic was so nice. Then we finally got around to doing the tiles and we did a pick a tile for us, like 1, 2, and 3, and it just went crazy.

Speaker A: That's really cool. Yeah, I like that. That's really cool. You can do that with anything that you buy or even art if you get new art for your, for your clinic or the new logo or anything people love because when they're involved and invested, they're going to stay loyal. Yeah, that's really cool. I love that. I love terracotta tiles, but maybe not the ones that—

Speaker E: no, they weren't nice ones. I like them too, but these were not good.

Speaker A: Oh, that's, that's really funny. And then the, the last one is just, you know, every now and then you do want to have a call to action to say, hey, you know, winter is a great time to come in to rejuvenate your skin. Why don't you make an appointment now? Or 'Hey, we just had a cancellation for this week. If you would love to take the appointment, give us a call.' As long as we don't say injectables, it's a lot to say that. Hey, we just had a— you know, that would be a very easy— that could even be a story in the Instagram story. We just had a cancellation because people will— for the ones here that have like 2,000, 3,000 followers, 4,000 followers, you will get people that will snap up these appointments. So it's, 'Hey, we usually have a waitlist, but this week we had one cancellation on Thursday.' If you want to come in, call this number. That's, that's the sales ones. And ideally you would have, you know, one or so a week maximum. Any, any thoughts, questions? Does anyone want to share what's working, working for them?

Speaker D: I have a question. Can anyone hear me? I can't see myself somehow. Can you see me?

Speaker A: We can't see you, but we can hear you.

Speaker D: Yeah, my— I don't know why.

Speaker A: I just asked to start the video. Maybe it's some video setting or something, but we can definitely hear you.

Speaker D: Oh no, yeah, I don't know what I did. So first of all, I'm just saying, I want to say something to Alicia. Something you don't like doesn't mean other people don't like. I'm saying this to you because all of a sudden I switched. That's what I feel, overly criticizing myself, uh, this is not as good as the other— the things that inspire me. So, so we don't think about other people. You automatically put people's expectation high, same as yourself.

Speaker E: True.

Speaker B: What—

Speaker D: from what I'm seeing is that's something I want to create. It's amazing. It's very engaging, very elegant, very professional. And yeah, um, so it's really good from— that's something I want to do as well. But I'm very, very poor at my social media skill. We're all technical people. I just want to ask that I'm just starting working full-time, cutting down 1 day and 2 days gradually. So I'm actually renting a room out of a salon, so everything in the room is compliant, and I'm working on the hair growth, so which is good for cross-referral business. So I'm still in the process of setting up. So far I've only established the Instagram name, has got no content. So here I am thinking which one comes first. Do I need to wait for the egg to be hatched, then turn into a chicken, then post? Or because I don't have a physical photo of the clinic to show just yet. But doesn't mean— I see a lot of clinics and shows, we are coming, and then introducing what we're doing and post a photo and just gradually engage the interest of the audience.

Speaker E: I think you should start.

Speaker D: Yeah, yes, that's where I'm like, my foot is about to step out of the door but don't know how and which foot to go first. What should I post? And that's where my concern is.

Speaker E: I think information about exactly what you're doing, but break it up into tiny, tiny little pieces. So how you do it, what it is, how it works, what you can expect from it, what you can expect from you. Uh, so many different things because I'm interested in what you do. We do do a little bit of PRP for the scalp, but I was actually telling the girls at work that you're concentrating just on this and how brilliant, like you've managed to kind of, you know, niche it and you're doing really well from it. So I find it really interesting.

Speaker D: Yes, we're doing that mainly because number one, my colleague that we're doing together, she used to work in hair, hair, skin, um, clinic. So she, she knew back to back. And number two is we're both working for another cosmetic injectable clinic. So with our intentions to bring our clients across but not to steal them, we only provide the treatment that what they don't provide in there. For example, like Sculpture and PDO, they don't do it in there. But, um, like as I was saying to, um, Francis, and we don't want to lay out that we do everything. So just want a niche and external promotion hair growth only, but internally we bring our own lead, which the referral rate, a conversion rate, is high. Um, yeah, so the step— first step is the hardest one. And I try to go scroll back up to your, um, posts for so long, and you're just continuously doing it. It's just so amazing.

Speaker A: Oh, thank you.

Speaker D: And then I've really— I don't know if anyone today has been to the symposium recently in the Gold Coast, and I've, I've seen a few clinicians there and came back. I— all I brought was what I videoed in the in the lectures, just the technical contents. The photos not inspiring at all. I don't even— I just can't post it for posting material. And whereas other clinicians I saw, they made like a world-class celebrity channel. I've got the latest iPhone model and I can't do it. Can anyone share any platform or app that they're using, you're using for editing videos or posts?

Speaker E: I just use Canva for everything. I'm not very good with, I guess, reels and stuff yet. I do a few, but they're very basic, and I'm the same. I'd like to get this CapCut that I just— Francesca just put up. I want to try that.

Speaker D: Yeah, that's what I want to learn from Francesca from this one. It's so many— the clinic's been a bit quiet lately. I've got so much time. I just wish I could know all this stuff and sit there and just put it in a little portfolio that I make them up and ready to post when I don't have time, but I don't know how. So this is where I wanted to ask and find out, can we have a little session?

Speaker E: Have you done any photo shoots or anything like that? Or do you have a potential, even if you got models for a day and they paid even 50% or something, but you say that you're going to use their content. So you could have, you could get even someone to come in on that day and you're actually treating clients and they can just take photos of everything for like 2 hours. Like we got ours done for less than $500 and I think I got like nearly 200 photos.

Speaker D: Oh, for the clinic and just you, the team, like all of that? Yeah, we haven't yet. So, um, this is something we could post, like, you leading up to where coming. Then when there's a day, you can announce, and finally, this is a photo. But we— I just need to generate, generate some lead before the photos come out.

Speaker B: Wait, how long do you have access to the clinic?

Speaker D: Yeah, we've located, locked in a place, but the, the business where they're, where they were hiring the room is, I think the business is really busy. They said yes, but just keep delaying. But we both have full-time job. I just thought this is a good timing to, um, establish the network, social media network, um, generating. But I am too shy. I'm thinking go and present myself and add my, uh, Instagram and no content at all. So you can't really do that. So that's why I feel—

Speaker E: I don't think you even need to have your clinic. You could find like just some nice clinic photos or even just some plain tiles and you like a— your against— yeah, against like a white wall and just introduce yourself. I don't think you need to worry about the clinic itself and start doing some posts about, you know, hair loss, why people might lose their hair, a bit about confidence and, and hair. Um, yeah, are you struggling with this? Or yeah, I think put a bit of you in there for sure. But it— I, I mean, sometimes some of the best pictures I've had are actually sitting at my dining table. I've just set up the camera and I've just done like a kind of portrait mode on my phone. Yes, done my hair and makeup and then introduce myself and at least you're in your own home. You don't feel like weird people taking photos of you.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker D: Yeah. So, um, just the skill of making the contents, and like Alicia's photos, just so, uh, sharp, natural, but not necessarily too clinical, too clinical, overly professional, make it, um, away from— take away from the authenticity.

Speaker A: Yeah, I agree.

Speaker E: I think that's definitely That's my core thing. So that's, that's what I try to do. So it's not an accident. Um, but that's also the whole vibe of our clinic as well is very just welcoming, casual, friendly. Um, so yeah, I don't try and make it too professional and too done. And even the clinic doesn't look clinical. It's kind of basically looks like my house, but it's got a bed in it. So, um, yes. Yeah, it is intentional. Um, but I think it definitely helps a lot of people come in for that reason.

Speaker B: It looks very inviting.

Speaker D: It is.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'd love to go.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's definitely working, Alicia. I think you're doing an amazing job, and it shows by how many people you have engaging with the content. For you, Lillian, I would definitely just get started. And even if you just have some, you know, I just asked again on ChatGPT, hey, what are some interesting facts about hair? Hair grows, uh, your hair can grow faster in summer. I had no idea. If you never cut your hair, it would actually stop growing eventually after 2 to 7 years, you know, like stuff like that. And then even if you just use some stock— this, I've shown this before, Unsplash. I think some of you are using it. And usually stock websites are really crap and they're really stocky, but this one website here, Unsplash, has actually some nice photos, you know, like a picture like this is depending on your brand vibe, obviously. But a picture like this, if in the beginning you use some of these stock images, it's fine.

Speaker D: Yes. Are we going to teach some of the actual skills of how to use CapCut?

Speaker A: No, but CapCut, no, I won't teach you about CapCut. Seriously, like, I'm not a techie person. I have zero patience. For anything. And CapCut— and I don't like making Reels, I don't have time to click and put things together. CapCut is so easy, it has templates. You literally just download the app on your phone, you go to templates, you say I wanna— the problem that most people have, and everyone, most people here, is it needs, it's, it needs to be perfect. It's like, oh, but it's not quite perfect, this video is coming too early, this doesn't go— it's like, no, Nobody cares, especially for a new account. Nobody's going to look at your stuff. So there's a quote that one of my business partners always says: done is better than perfect.

Speaker D: Yes, get started, get it done.

Speaker A: Download CapCut and then just go to templates and just upload some footage that you have and see what it puts together for you. Yes, yeah, Lillian, you're just sharing something here also.

Speaker D: No, I just, um, that one here.

Speaker A: Oh, that's cool. Is that yours? No, no, that's a part— that's the one in— did you share this?

Speaker D: Just— I shared that clip. It's just things like that. How do you make it?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's CapCut. You can do that in CapCut.

Speaker D: Okay, all right.

Speaker A: Yes, right now this This person has 26,000 followers, and this is really cool too, actually. Where is this?

Speaker D: Uh, I know I was just scrolling down in my Instagram to find something I, I want to do to share in the link and to ask how do we do it.

Speaker A: Might not be in Australia.

Speaker D: No.

Speaker A: Yeah, but she's got a lot of followers, and look at her, it's also very natural. Yeah. And then she has a picture of her kid, you know, to show a bit of— she has just some quote images. These quote images also, they're so, you know, just get into Canva, get one of these.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, this is, this is— I don't know if you're allowed to do this here, but she's not in Australia. You're probably not allowed to do injectable photos, are you?

Speaker D: No, we just follow the guideline.

Speaker A: Yeah, but all the rest, yeah. Her doing something here, like her. Look at this one, 80, 80. This one has 200. Cat, 300. So if you have a puppy, I know Alicia has a puppy, if you have a puppy, if you have a dog, a cat, or anything, just use pictures of dogs and cats every now and then.

Speaker D: Yes, yes.

Speaker A: For you, I would not spend a lot of time right now doing that kind of this to make some one of this right now would take you more than an hour. Not worth it right now because you have no followers, so nobody's gonna look at it.

Speaker D: I agree.

Speaker A: Yeah, you know, go, go do that.

Speaker D: I think this week I'll just, when I get downtime, I'll just have a play and start practicing.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. So just download, you know, make as one of your action lists, just say you're gonna download CapCut, make your first real with what you've got.

Speaker D: Yes. Yep. No, um, very well done, Ashley and Candice. And I often think with technical people all day in the clinic or, um, on the way to do to seminar again, it's just no time. But who— everyone else just know this, how to do this. I, when I—

Speaker E: oh, sorry, I was gonna say if you jump on Etsy, um, I don't know if you use Etsy, but if you type in Etsy templates for Instagram or something You can buy packs of 60 to 500. Um, they don't even— they might not be, um, injectable related, but they're already pre-done and you can just like put your—

Speaker B: really?

Speaker D: Could you please share in our chat?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, I'll see if I can do that.

Speaker D: Yes, this is the only time I feel okay. I'm, um, I don't feel stupid. This is my opportunity to ask right now.

Speaker A: So, so So maybe I'll share my screen and you can quickly coach us through it. So you go to Etsy and then what do you put in here?

Speaker E: Okay, Alicia, Alicia, sorry, I was in it and I couldn't get back to Zoom. I just Etsy and then I just pop in Instagram templates and you can either put like—

Speaker D: Oh, I see. Yes.

Speaker E: You can put, you can put in vegetables, but some of them are pretty bad. So if you put in like wellness or skin or something like that, you can get some really nice ones. Like you might have to go through them and find some that look nice. But yeah, it's literally, they're all done for you. You can just jump in Canva, write your clinic name, change a couple of colors if you want to.

Speaker D: Yes, I'm looking at it now.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's very clever.

Speaker D: It is. Yes. Um, Canva users, do you use paid Canva, right? The subscription?

Speaker E: A lot of them will say on them whether or not you need to, and a lot of them will be free Canva.

Speaker D: Okay. Yeah, I thought you— and just the options very limited if you use as a free non-scripture.

Speaker E: Yeah, I'm pretty sure a lot of them will be based on the free one.

Speaker D: Yeah, no, no, thank you so much for sharing. At least I get a little bit of confidence and, um, I can get started now. Just to overthinking, a bit similar to Ash— Alicia, over-criticizing yourself. Yours looks amazing, and Candice's as well.

Speaker B: Even if I find that I kind of like just even if you don't know what to do, just do something. Just create a bundle of them, even if they look like, oh, this is terrible. And I find, I find that I go back to them and like tweak them for days or like make that one a bit better, or some I just go, that's horrible, and delete it, and they never see daylight. But I always kind of go with the theory, just do something.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker E: And I'd love to be able to just like batch, but I then go, oh, that's it, I'm going to do a heap today. And then I sit down and I do one and I just keep going, oh, I hate that. Oh no. Oh, I'm not doing this now. And then I do none.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: You have to be in the mood, I find.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: I, and my moods tend to kick in about 11 PM, which sends me insane. Um, but I'll, I will go crazy and I can do like 8 or 9. And then other times I was like, I need a Canva for this and it'll be days and days. And I'm like, No, I like, I know it's just not working. Yeah, it's not working.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: It's just like the book writing. You need to be in that creative zone.

Speaker A: Yeah. You can put yourself into it also by just doing something like Candice says.

Speaker D: You can't put yourself into everything before books.

Speaker A: I work on the next one and I mostly don't feel it, but then I just start writing and then suddenly you put yourself into it.

Speaker D: Yeah, yes, yeah, I think I'm just in a, in the zone of not being able to start because a bit like Alicia, um, overthinking, over-criticizing myself. Look, everybody else doing so amazing, and, um, but look at Julie Holmes. I, I was thinking, how did she start? When I saw her first, of the very first picture, I was just before and after the lip, um, Julie Holmes, if Francis doesn't know who she is. She specializes in— she's a world— she's a nursing background, um, Swedish background. She does— specializes in lip dermal filler only, and her Instagram is sharp and clean, only before and after photos of lips, and she didn't write too many words, and she became very well known, world famous. Really?

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Interesting. Yeah. And she just started somewhere.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Just start even random because nobody— I always say to new, new accounts like yours is going to be a new one. Nobody cares. No one cares.

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: No, it's good. No, thank you so much.

Speaker A: No, really good sharing. Really, really good sharing tonight. Um, let's quickly do one Just one action, you know, if you want to pop one action from today's chat in the, in the chat, just pop one action. Like, for it could be download CapCut, or, or it could be, you know, for some of you to start posting once a week. For, for all of you, it would be start using this, filling this in, you know, it's looking a bit empty at the moment, but we're working through it. For some of you might be using this content planner. And posting 3 times a week. So let's have a look. Um, for some of you it could be to just post more human photos. So for Alicia, it's, yeah, look, look at CapCut. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think you're gonna like it. Um, and for Ash, start posting on the Instagram account that I've opened. Yes, just start posting, Ash. Just start, lay out our CapCut and post on Instagram. Yeah, awesome. And Candice and Lillian. And then if you're ever stuck for content, different people have different ways of doing social media. Some of you will go, I just post when I have a— when I feel it. Some of you will go, no, every Monday I'm going to spend an hour over lunchtime to map out 4 posts. Whatever works for you. I can't tell you what's best. I'm a bit more of a sporadic kind of person, so I'll just do it when I feel it. My team is using this for the business accounts. Creating videos. Yeah. Have you used CapCut too for videos?

Speaker B: Uh, not really. I don't like videos. I, we really struggle with that side of it. So it's something just to get a little bit more personal, a bit more behind the scenes. We don't even have a microphone.

Speaker A: So you don't need a microphone.

Speaker B: Yeah, we need to like, our shop is so, the echoes are horrendous. So I mean, in saying that, a microphone's cheap. There's no reason we can't do it. I think, to be honest, we just don't want to, but it's where we probably need to try.

Speaker A: That just reminds me, I wonder if you've heard me not so loud the whole night, because my microphone was all the way on the other side of the table.

Speaker B: No, my husband commented how loud this is, so I don't think it's audible.

Speaker A: I don't know, because it was really far away from my mouth. Also in CapCut, you know, for people that don't like video too much or they don't like to see themselves on video or, oh, I don't look so good on the video or blah, blah, blah. You can actually also use filters on there. There's some really cool filters that make you look good. And it's not the ones that make you look different, but it could be like a mood filter, you know, it's like a bit more retro or a bit more esoteric or whatever filter you choose.

Speaker B: So does CapCut? I've only ever seen it because our brow girl uses it to do like the before and after, you know, like that sliding thing.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: What, what else can you—

Speaker A: that's everything. It— I don't have my phone here right now. Um, it also does just any, any sort of— let's see, uh, one second. Actually, I can show you one, for example, here. And I'm— again, I'm not, I'm not a big fan of doing Social media, I just do the necessary when, you know, I do the sporadic thing because my team does the business ones, but I'll quickly show you. And I'm not a video editor. I don't have time unless if it takes, if it takes more than 5 minutes, I'm not doing it. So this one here, I'll show you this one. It doesn't have a lot of engagement. This one, it has music to it too. Oh, here. Wait, I'll show you again. So this one here, see how it has like fades, like this fade here that just came in the photographic thing, and then another one. That's CapCut. I just went on to CapCut.

Speaker B: Couple of videos and you kind of like join them together.

Speaker A: I, yeah, I literally just go into CapCut and I went into templates and I said, I'd like something. I just put in keyword nature and then it comes up, gives you all these different options. And I just looked at maybe 2 or 3. Again, please, this is where you can go down the rabbit hole and spend 3 hours looking at templates. But that's your time wasted down the toilet. Don't look at all these templates, just pick the first one that is good enough. This is good enough. It's not perfect. There's some videos that could have been better. It doesn't matter. Nobody cares. So pick a template, and then in that template, it will say this template is made out of 12 videos or 12 photos or 10 photos. And then you say, cool, click, and then you go and select 10 or 12 photos, videos on your phone, and you say, go do it, and then it will whip it all together like this.

Speaker C: So you just had a video, sorry, you just had a video, but the background was from CapCut.

Speaker A: No, all the video and the photos in that reel were from my phone.

Speaker C: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: But the music was from CapCut, the way it was cut together, the little, you know, the little thing that came in, the little photo thing that came in, you know, all that. This one here, actually, oh, this is one from Fresh Clinics here. Look at this one. I'm not an editor and I will never be an editor and I have zero time. I do it if it's 10 minutes or less. This one here. I went into CapCut. We had a shoot at Fresh Clinics. I had maybe 10 or so photos that I could have used or videos. I went into CapCut and I don't remember what I put as a keyword, but I put templates and I just, maybe I put in the keyword shoot or something and it gave me, this is from my phone, the stuff that I had on my phone. See how it's doing this? It's doing this. It's— that's CapCut. That's me doing nothing other than picking maybe 4 or 5 clips that I had on my phone that are average and putting it into a template on CapCut, and it puts it together. So anyone can do it. If I can do it, you can do it. But I do want to warn you, you're going to waste time if you just go and look at all these templates because Some of you are perfectionists. You're going to go, it's not good enough. The music is not quite right. The video is too short. This is too long. No, then you're going to waste all your time. So just do it, get it done. It doesn't matter. Yeah.

Speaker C: Is it good to have music in it or just?

Speaker A: Yeah, definitely music. It needs to have music in it. These templates have music already in it. Yeah. This one, even this. So these are people, random people that make these templates and then they make them shareable for other people to use. So this one here even had the music, so the beat was the one where the photos changed. So they made it perfect. So you could spend hours doing that if you want to, but it makes no difference to you how you grow your business. So it's better to use these, the ones that are already made. Cool. Has everyone put in their Yeah, Libby had Leah, Amy, Lillian didn't add her goal just yet, but I think for her it was just to start posting. Candice did hers and Ash did hers. Yeah, perfect. Awesome.

Speaker D: Cool.

Speaker A: Well, awesome session. Awesome sharing. Have a good night. Next week, what are we doing next week? Let me quickly have a look. What are we doing next week? Let's see. Week 6. And I can't wait to see Candice's cards too. Maybe once you get them, you can show them. Oh, okay. Sounds good. Once you receive them in the mail. Next week we're doing a Google— okay, the Google My Business setup. Google Business Profile, SEO, we're doing SEO, and Google AdWords. This is just a video that you can watch when you have time. So I think I'm gonna spend most time next week talking a little bit about SEO because it's not as hard as people make it seem. Cool. Have a beautiful week. If you want to come off mute quickly and Thank you. Make some noise. Well done. Thanks everyone. See you. Have a good week. Good work.

Speaker D: Thank you so much. See you in the group chat.

Speaker A: See you in the group chat.

Speaker E: Bye-bye.