Speaker A: So today I've got 3 questions and I've got some really good suggestions already. I've just been working on, on the answers. I might just— it's because 3 of you are here today, so we might just get straight in if that's cool. And then if we have some extra time, I'm sure nobody gets sad about getting some time back. In this busy season. So these are the questions, Amy, Helen, and Brooke. Yeah, Amy, I've got you first, and I'm just going to grab here. Do you want to just come off mute and, and share with us the question and the thinking behind it? And I've got some answers for you.

Speaker B: Sure. So this is on the back of the experience, and I've just gone and uh, re— kind of read my website and, and just gone back to basics a little bit, really. And so I was thinking I need, uh, a catchy tagline, uh, because I'm about to branch out into courses. We've been madly recording and building and, and all the rest of it. Um, and so yeah, I was thinking that I needed a tagline, and I came up with all of these suggestions and just wondered what you, what you thought.

Speaker A: Yeah, and, and let's do, we'll do a vote. I definitely have some favorites, and then I've got some more suggestions. I do like what, what you've done so far, and we might just do a vote with everyone who is here. So the, the first thing when I was thinking about this, this tagline, and this is for the whole business the tagline, right?

Speaker B: Correct.

Speaker A: For the courses. Yeah. And I was thinking, because you are starting to include courses and training, we— there's sort of 3 things that we— 2 major ones and 1 small one. The first thing that we need to bring across, the first one is that because you are training people how to do better relationships, we need to somehow bring across that relationships are a learnable skill. Number 1. Number 2 is it obviously needs to be warm and hopeful. And number 3, which we might actually do with other catchphrases for specific courses, I would do some specific ones that have a specific outcome, like, you know, the one, you know, turn conflict into deeper connection. Yeah, would be one for— I wouldn't use that as an umbrella one because then I only come to you if I have conflict. But it's a really good one. Like that one here is, you know, turning conflict into connection is a good one for a course, a specific course, for example. Yeah. So we need to be, we need to have something broad for the umbrella, and then we might have some specific ones with specific outcomes for each different courses.

Speaker B: Perfect.

Speaker A: Yeah. Now, given that, which ones, if you ladies, if you came to this website here, what would make you want to know more? Which, which one do you resonate most with out of these ones? Not the last one. Can I say something? Yeah, yeah, go, Helen, please.

Speaker C: Okay, so I like the first one. I just don't like the word created. It's like learning something. If I knew I was, you know, like, I think That's a really good line, that they don't just happen. It's something to be worked on, something to be learned, something to— I, I'm not sure that I would go for Helen.

Speaker B: Great relationships don't just happen, they're learned.

Speaker D: They're learned.

Speaker C: That, that, that, that's just that last word that, yeah, I would work on. Yeah, that's what I would— that's what would make me come to you, you know.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, that's interesting because I like created.

Speaker C: Yeah, so I thought created is— sounded a little fake, that was all. That just the first nuance of that word is they're fictitious, they're created.

Speaker B: That's all.

Speaker A: For you, that— for you it sounds like manufactured. Manufactured equals manufactured. That's the meaning that you give it. Yeah, that's it.

Speaker C: That's what I personally give it. But I, but I like that saying that they don't just happen. I like something along those lines, you know.

Speaker E: It could be great relationships don't just happen, they're nurtured.

Speaker C: Nourished.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's also a lovely word. Yeah, that's also beautiful.

Speaker B: Yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't have enough, um, momentum for me.

Speaker A: You know, you know one that I, that I've come up with, which, and, and I actually like the first one best too. I, I, I'm somebody like Brooke, I do like this one, but I know a lot of people, they don't give a fuck about the world right now. They care about themselves. So, you know, this is for people who have enough love that they are cool with what's happening here, but most people come to you because this is not working. So that's not going to work for 80% of people. The first one will. And one that I thought would be quite cool too: great relationships are a skill, not a secret. It's a little bit intriguing. And again, you need to resonate with it because this is like, you know, this is an opinion and we know everyone has an opinion.

Speaker B: They sure do.

Speaker D: They show what they like.

Speaker C: That's good because that would tie into doing workshops. That's something that someone can learn how to do.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. And also because, you know, we might look at other people's relationships, like even Amy, and go like, oh, you know, they have it so good. I wish I had that. I wish I had what Amy has. We all have thought that about couples. This tells me that, well, I can. It's not a secret. These are not special. I can have that too by working with you.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yes, that's— it's set definitely on the right track. It's not— it, it's not landing for me from an intuitive sense yet, Francisca, but I can see exactly where you're going with it.

Speaker A: Yeah, and that's great because you do need to do something that is for you, feels intuitive and feels connected to what you want to portray. So maybe you could even throw these into ChatGPT and say, hey, I need some more variations.

Speaker B: Yeah, great. Yeah, I think I'll, I'll do that. And I really appreciate everyone's feedback. That's great because I do want to Uh, even— see, I'm still not entirely, um, unconvinced about the word created. I don't mind if people think they're manufactured. They can be. I actually would love to churn out great relationships. Yeah, on a mass scale, that'd be awesome.

Speaker A: Yeah, the word created doesn't bother me at all.

Speaker D: For me, created is a very, very active deliberate, intentional way of being. It's like you create, you know, you really do think about creating what it is that you want, what it is that you need. And you can do that, you know, collectively and as a couple, that you can create the relationship that you want to have. So I find it a very dynamic word, actually. But I was thinking, my only thing was that, is it a little bit long? So I thought, well, could you say great relationships are created in some respects, you know, they're not— yes, they don't just happen, they are created. Um, but if there's something else, so great relationships are created, I don't know, something or other. But anyway, I like, I like created.

Speaker B: But I like the word skill in there too, because that's going to be a keyword quite clearly. Relationships and skill would be a keyword. That's awesome. Anyway, thanks guys.

Speaker C: But I actually—

Speaker A: it's really good. You've done such a good job, and everyone's feedback is so helpful. I reckon if you take these two, throw them into ChatGPT, say some more variations, please, you're going to have it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Thanks so much, Francisca and team. And my apologies. I've got to fly off at 1:30. All good. Just to let everyone know. Thank you.

Speaker A: No, all good. And then, yeah, just the other ones that I, that I've come up with, which is more for courses, is something like that. I quite like this, you know, like I would buy something like this, turn conflict into deeper connection. Yeah, yeah, awesome.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you so much.

Speaker A: You're so welcome. Now Helen, this one here. So you want to quickly come off mute, Helen, and share? Yeah, or yeah, your perspective and your question.

Speaker C: So the background to this is, as I've, um, waxed lyrically about it before, is I hate social media, I hate talking on it, and I hate being on, on, on, um, being filmed. Okay. And it's, it's not getting any better.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. So, uh, an idea that's come up, which I have agreed to and I've endorsed, um, is we're going to have lots— so I've got a professional, uh, photographer and videographer who I trust very much. He, he, he, um, films my stuff all the time, is going to create a video that will sit on my website and Yeah. And apparently it sits somewhere on the social media thing as well. So this will be me talking in the background and then there'll be beautiful shots of framing in glass and mirrors. So it's just the script he wanted everybody to—

Speaker A: yeah. Awesome. So this is— yeah, I love this. This is your voiceover. So this is—

Speaker C: this is my voiceover, which I'm willing to do once.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker E: That's it.

Speaker C: And then apparently AI then can know my voice or something.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can clone your voice.

Speaker C: That's it. That's where we're going next year.

Speaker A: Oh, so good. Easy. We teach this also in the AI Bunch. You can easily— anyone here without techie skills, I'm one of these less techie skilled person, we can all clone our voice.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: So that's where we're going.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Love it. Did you write this or did—

Speaker C: so he wrote one copy and then I went over the copy. This is my amended to his copy. Then he wanted then he said put it in the advisory board and see what they say before I say it, anything.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I've worked on this and I've taken what you had and I read it and it's, it's a good start. And then I asked that my feedback was that this needs to be, what did I say here? I said it needs to be more emotive and sell the dream. So I took this, put it into ChatGPT, said, 'Hey, help me with this voiceover script. It needs to be more emotive and it needs to sell the dream.' And it's given me a script which I then just made edits to, and because it's a bit flat at the moment, which is okay, it doesn't make me feel anything yet, but the images will make me feel something. But we need to just— it needs to be less about us, more about them, and more about the outcome. And so here, the amended— I've got like a sensible beautiful script. And then I've got one that is a bit cheesy. Yeah, that I'll show you too. So this one here, and we can send you these obviously. Home is more than walls and windows. It is the stories you live with every day. At Art From Collective, we help you surround yourself with the moments, memories, and details that make life feel richer. The photo that still makes you smile. The artwork that moves you. The jersey from the game you will never forget. The record you played on repeat. We take what matters most and give it a place of honour. So yeah, you can read it. Do you want me to read it out loud? I feel a bit like a teacher doing this.

Speaker C: No, it's really good, keep going, I like it so far.

Speaker A: I guess if you hear it out loud it helps. In our Monoville showroom and workshop, every frame, print, piece is crafted with care, so when you walk past it each day, it does more than fill a space, it makes you feel something. And it does not stop at the walls. Our Glazing team bring light, reflection, and clarity in your home and commercial spaces. Showers that turn a routine into a ritual. That's probably a little bit pushing it too much. Yeah, that's okay. Yeah, that's okay. That can just be changed or deleted. Yeah, that's easy. Yeah, flashbacks, that, that part I find it a bit too cheesy too. Um, mirrors and glass features that make a room feel bigger and calmer. That's good. Without this bit. For over 30 years, builders, designers, golf clubs, ourselves, and homeowners have trusted us to bring their vision to life. We listen, we guide, and you even have to, you have to, you have to pause when you read this script. You have to, don't just go, you know, we listen, we guide, and we create spaces that feel considered, personal, and beautifully complete. So make sure you pause. And then if you're ready to transform your space, we're here to help you reimagine it. So can you already see it's so much, makes you feel so much more than the first version? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: It's more like, it's friendlier.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's, it makes you feel something. This one here, I then said, hey, can you make it, can you make it more emotive? Can you, can you write something that makes me, that makes, that puts me there, that makes me like in a movie. And so it's created this. I find it a little bit too It's a little bit what a real estate agent would do. Yeah, it's a bit over the top, I think, this one. You know, close your eyes for a second and picture this: morning light spills across your kitchen. So I personally don't love this version, but this version I think is, is good. It's great.

Speaker C: Yeah, thank you.

Speaker A: Done. We'll send you this. Any other? Does anyone else want to add anything?

Speaker D: I prefer, um, the amended script. I haven't read the one that you did, Helen, um, you know, well, so there might be some things in there that can be pulled into the amended script or whatever. But the— yeah, the last one's a bit— it's just too cheesy. So somewhere between the, the amended script and whatever's in the first one that you think really needs to be in there.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll delete it because I think we all know.

Speaker C: Yeah, I think it's gone a little bit over the top.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Awesome.

Speaker C: That's great. Thank you.

Speaker A: Thank you. I'll save this. I'll get Heidi to send it to you. And Amy, great, Catherine, great relationships aren't accidental, they're a learned skill. And then Amy says great relationships don't just happen, they're a skill set. I probably prefer the created one still. It just, it doesn't, it's a bit clinical though, the word skill set. So the creative, I personally actually really like the creative version. Maybe run it past a few more people. And yes, yeah, cool. Let's more. Yeah. Brooke, did you want to come off mute and share your awesome, hopefully very, very awesome news?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, sure. So, we are finalists in an industry association award. It's NGINA, the New South Wales and ACT Nursery and Garden— I don't know, it's this big long acronym anyway. So it's the Association for Retail and Wholesale Nurseries, like green life industries, right? So, um, and not everyone joins, um, and they're really good for the industry in, um, pushing the agenda and bringing on apprentices. They just help the industry stay and flourish and not be stronger than Bunnings. I don't know how to explain it. Anyway, so yeah, they're pretty cool. We like them. So we applied and we're finalists in the best small retail nursery. I don't know, there might be 5 finalists. There's a written and interview, like, so there's a few parts to the process. And then we're also finalists in the People's Choice Award, which is a popularity competition, and you just gotta hammer the social media and get votes. So I've hammered that pretty hard. Voting's closed. So yeah, so we're finalists in 2 awards, and I'm just trying to be on the front foot with the respects publicity. Um, and then the awards are this Friday. We may get an award, we may not, but I just thought I'd take this opportunity and maybe— do I go ahead and write some press releases now? And then when, um, then when we get the award, we can just be like, boom, send. Um, yeah, I just didn't know the best way to do it. Um, yeah, yeah, I think we probably got a good chance. I don't know.

Speaker A: And Yeah, I don't know. It would be, it would be really amazing. And I, if you feel it, I think you're probably spot on, but obviously not setting expectations. But the answer is yes, write a press release now. If you think that there's a good chance you're going to win, it will, it will take you 20 minutes to write a press release. The thing that you need to, and ChatGPT can write it for you. I've just written down for you what you need to put in there. So the press release, and I've, I've done it when I won, I won the Young Entrepreneur Award. In 2013 when I was young, and I wrote a press release and sent it to a bunch of magazines and papers and radio stations in Sydney when I was still in Sydney. And the, the thing for this one is because the people you want to read this are people who live locally in the area. So it's actually quite an easy sell for you. You're not going for Sydney Morning Herald or anything like that. So the first thing you need to do right now, if you don't already, get a spreadsheet where you have all the local publications. So newspapers, there's probably one or two magazines if there's any. So, you know, the living, local living magazines, things like that. And radio. Yeah. So those three, I would say those are the three buckets. Then when you brief ChatGPT to give you a press release, the one thing you want it to mention is that local business. You know, local business has won this award. Yeah, because the local media love to talk about local.

Speaker E: Yeah, right. Yeah.

Speaker A: And the second thing, let's see, the second thing is obviously, yes, you need to add some quotes from you, at least one, maybe also your husband. Yeah. And the thing that your quote, if you can do a very humble quote around, needs to obviously be true, but something something. Have you heard of the hero's journey? You know, something that— it's basically the hero's journey. You have it in every book, every movie that we keep watching. And the reason why we watch it is because it takes you through this roller coaster where, you know, in the beginning there's the character and then they have a massive challenge and then at the end they win and a few other things in between. So your code, if your code could somehow— it makes good for a good story. If you can, if you can, you know, talk about how I never thought that, you know, we would, we, we, we, we put everything into this shop, we struggled, we didn't know if you were ever gonna make it, or whatever is true for you, and this is just such an honor, you know, something like that. And also something around the community, how it's just such a privilege to help build this community here and support the local community with our beautiful garden products.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So something like that, something emotive about Humble, how you didn't think it was going to happen and it was a struggle and now you're here and maybe something, another quote from you or your husband around the community thing. Uh-huh.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: I'm just writing notes.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know you are. All right. Yeah.

Speaker E: Cool. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And if you pop that all into ChatGPT, it will give you a press release. You put it into just a Google Doc. Yeah, and then send it the next day.

Speaker E: Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So send it, yep, the next day.

Speaker A: Actually, Friday you might want to— maybe Monday you might send it.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, because people might not read it on Saturday.

Speaker E: Yeah, and then even like include photos with the press.

Speaker A: Do you do things like that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What you could do, either attach the photo, or what you could do is just Do you use Google Drive?

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker A: Or like Dropbox or something like that?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just provide a link.

Speaker A: You could just have a Google Drive folder with the best photos and the press release also included and just add a link and say, hey, I've included photos and the press release also here in this folder.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just make it super easy for them.

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker A: And obviously you look at the Cleverbunch book, I think it's, it's Module 9, you see the press release outline, how it, how you draft it, and just at the end you have your photo, your phone number also for more information, always happy to chat, here's my phone. Yeah.

Speaker C: And can I stay on that subject? How does she get them to actually read the email? Like what would she say in the email?

Speaker A: You know, so the subject line, I would say The subject needs to be good. So something like local business wins award, prestigious award or something like that. And then just, hi, Franziska. If you've seen some of my stuff that I've written, you would say, hey, Franziska, I read your piece on how this old age home was doing this and this and this, loved it. I've got something that might be of interest to you. I've attached a press release. And then ideally you send it to, because you will only have like 10 contacts, it's not much.

Speaker E: Oh yeah, not many.

Speaker A: You send it to 10 contacts, say, let's say on Monday, I would call them on Tuesday if you have time. Yeah. And the call is just, hey, Francisca, I just wanted to make sure you got the press release because I've had lots of press in the past when I spend more time doing this. I haven't spent any time doing this lately, but when I used to do more PR for us, I would always call and sometimes there would be someone that would say, actually, I haven't opened your email, but while I have you on the phone, let me check right now. What's your name? Okay, cool. They open it, they either say no, not interested, not the right time, or yeah, tell me more.

Speaker E: Okay. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Just don't generally call in the afternoons because they usually have a deadline. So it's good to call them like mid-morning. Mhm. Okay, that's it. Oh, thank you. Very exciting.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So that's— let us know.

Speaker E: Yeah, that's Friday night.

Speaker A: Um, so yeah, we'll be, uh, we'll be sending you all the good vibes.

Speaker E: Yeah, thank you.

Speaker A: Amazing. Hey, Osmark, those are all the questions I had. Does anyone else have any questions, or would you like a bonus Could I, could I ask a question? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: Um, so the question I have, um, which has been sort of, um, bubbling around a little bit, is with my newsletter that I send out, um, you know, I have a fairly good sort of open rate on, you know, that email and, and even sort of clicks to links and things like that. Um, I noticed that there are, you know, obviously there are some people who always open and they actually kind of engage but don't necessarily communicate with me about it, but I know that they've seen things, looked at things, read things. And I get a few emails here and there from people saying, "Oh, that was a great post about such and such," or whatever the case might be. I'm curious about the people who are those who are engaging because they're opening up and they're looking at things. How is it to actually communicate directly with people on your database to say, 'You know, I noticed that you, you know, open,' or, you know, something like that. Like, to have a more direct engagement with them. Otherwise, I kind of feel like they're there, but we're not having any direct communication as such, if you know what I mean.

Speaker A: Is it—

Speaker D: what is there, uh, what's the thinking around that? Or any—

Speaker A: I don't know.

Speaker D: Yeah, ethics or anything like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, ethics, you're definitely allowed to email them because they're in your database. They hope they probably had consent that they wanted to hear from you. The way that you would approach it, I would say, is let's say if I'm in your database and I open your emails, if you maybe say, oh, I've seen that you open my emails, I will probably feel a little bit freaked out.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: So, but if you maybe said, hey, Franziska, obviously look me up and say, hey, Franziska, I see that you run a really awesome company based in France. I've heard so many good things about blah, blah, blah. I, and then just, you know, maybe a different specific call to action. Would you be open to jumping on a, on a call to blah, blah, blah, to have coffee? Or you could even just have like, say, hey, I've set myself a, these are the most honest, humble emails are the ones where you say something like, hey, Amy had to go. I've set myself a challenge for December. I've been feeling like I don't meet enough people because everyone is online. And I would like to meet 10 people before the end of the year. Would you be open for a Zoom coffee? You know, something like that. How can I say no to that unless I'm really busy, which most people are? But then maybe I might say, hey, I can do, but not in December. Yeah. So something like that would be a nice reason for those that are engaged. The best thing for you is to actually— the best research you can do that anyone here can do is talk to your people. Talk to people and just find out. Don't talk to them about you. Ask them, where are you at? What, what's the biggest struggle at work? What, what would make your life easier? Find out more about them. Let them talk.

Speaker D: So it's, it's, it's seeing who those people are, then looking, you know, at their business and saying, oh, hi, so-and-so. Um, well, I don't know. Um, I don't know, it would— something about meeting up. Yeah, most definitely about, um, taking the opportunity to catch up with people who I'm connected with, maybe. Yeah, we haven't had the opportunity to meet in person. Yeah, well, we haven't met in person for a long period of time.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Or, you know, haven't even sort of, you know, had a call. Are you open to having a catch-up and just to hear and see what's going on in your world? You know, it's something like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, something like that. I think if you put exactly what you just said into ChatGPT and say make organize my thoughts and make it short and sharp. I would be surprised if you don't get some people that would say yes. The only thing I would say with this approach is because everyone has a, you know, this is a busy time of the year. I would probably put a, like, you know, if somebody said to me, hey, let's just go for coffee, I would be like, no way. Exactly. If somebody said, hey, are you open? I'm committed to meeting more people because I know when I chat with people, it always helps you know, to connect more. Would you be open for a 30-minute Zoom coffee? Yeah, like I can do 30 minutes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Natalie says, hey, I was just thinking about you because of X. Can I catch up with you for coffee? Oh yeah, would you, would you like to have a 30-minute Zoom coffee? Yeah, yeah, I love it. It's cool. Let us know if you go ahead with it. Let us know how you go. But I, I do really think that for most businesses, we don't talk enough to people. Yeah, and I'm part of that too. Like, I admit that I should talk to more people because I'm in my office all day and, you know, email, video, this and that. I should pick up the phone way more often because that's where you learn the most.

Speaker D: Well, it is, and in some respects it's kind of like, well, here's the— here are these people who are receiving my newsletter who's they haven't unsubscribed, so they're obviously happy to receive it and even engage that I can see with the stories and things like that. So I kind of think, well, what, what, why are they in one way, why are they interested? You know, like, what, why are you happy to receive my email? What is it that I'm potentially communicating that's useful to them in some way that they would bother to, to receive the email when they could actually, you know, disconnect from that? So I'm curious about that. But as you said, I don't want it to necessarily be about me, even though it is, you know, like I'm trying— well, it is and it isn't. I want to find out about them in relation to, you know, how our connection with each other really.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I think it's a great approach. And yes, I agree, Natalie, uh, maybe have a Calendly link for people that they can book straight in with the link. Yeah. Love that, Natalie. Hey, Natalie, I know I need to get back to your email. I'm so sorry. This is like our crazy time too. I'm so swamped, but I'm going to just put that on top of my list now. Yeah. Get back to you today, Natalie.

Speaker D: I wouldn't, I wouldn't do it before the end of the year. That's impossible. It's impossible for me and it's going to be impossible for other people. Everyone's committed. So I think it's something I might do in the new year, actually.

Speaker A: Yeah. Awesome. Love it. Thanks for asking. Anyone else? Otherwise, I'm gonna let you go. I received emails from experts for 3 years before I committed. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, 100%.

Speaker D: Yeah, exactly, exactly. That's right.

Speaker A: Some people have waited for 10 years. Many, many people have waited for 10. We've been doing this for 16 years. Some people have waited for 10 years before they've done anything, and that's cool.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah, exactly.

Speaker A: Hey, have a beautiful rest of the week. We got— let me think what we have got on for you that is interesting other than CleverBunch. We have CleverBunch this week. We also have an AI social media AI session, which you'll get the link to a masterclass Kevin and I are running next week on Tuesday. And if you can't watch it live, it will be also recorded. So we'll show you how to create content using different AI tools. Yay! Good to see you, Helen. I can't wait to see your video also. Brooke, Friday. I expect to hear from you on Saturday or Friday night.

Speaker D: Go well, Brooke.

Speaker A: Yes, awesome. Yes. And Natalie, I'll get back to you today. Awesome. Have a beautiful afternoon.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker A: As always, bye-bye. Bye-bye. See you.