Speaker A: Today's just a quick hello, and we wanted to make sure you know how to go about getting the most out of the time together. My name is Franziska, and I met some of you on some of the sessions, I believe, and maybe some of you on social media. So some of you have already seen my mug, and I won't, I won't talk too much about myself. I'm Franziska. I'm one of the founders. At Basic Bananas, and we've got this really cool partnership with Fresh Clinics. How it came about is I was speaking at Fresh Life last year, and I'm actually going to be at the next one again too. And after that, Rob, who is one of the, the head of strategy at Fresh, asked if we could do something for our nurses here, if we could create a custom program. So we're like, yeah, let's do it. And so as you have seen, Fresh is heavily subsidizing this content and this program so that it's really accessible for you. And what we're going to do, how it's going to work, and what we'll do first today is welcome everyone. We'll introduce themselves. There's 10, 10 people in this cohort. This is the very first one. So you guys are the action takers. And I've been running Basic Bananas for 15 years, and the one thing— I'm just going to mute a few people— the one thing that I have learned from working with thousands of business owners is that it seriously is the people like you here that take action, even when you're not sure exactly what you are taking action for. They're the ones that are usually going to smash it because you just took action into some uncertainty. You don't really know, probably you've seen me maybe, but you don't really know too much about as possibly, and still you take action. You're here, you're showing up, you're going to show up hopefully every week, even when it gets hard or when it's annoying, or, you know, when some of the marketing topics we look at, you're like, oh, really painful. You still show up. And you're also welcome if you do have a team member or an assistant or, you know, somebody to help you with your marketing, or even a child, they can watch the modules with you too. So you're welcome to, to get them to help you implement this stuff here that we're going through. But the 12-week program, we are doing 13 of these live sessions because today we're just doing a welcome. So it kind of doesn't— I don't count this one as a real one. And then what we're doing and how the program works is— and I'll share my screen. I might actually share— no, we're going to do an intro first. And then I will share my screen. I will do intro first. And what we'll do is with the introduction is we'll go quickly around the room because you're going to see each other every week and also in the chat. So we know who is here. So quickly share who you are, a little bit about your business, maybe where you're located and anything you want to share, maybe how long you've been running your business, if you're new or if you've been doing this for a while. And also one thing that you're grateful for right now. What's one thing you're grateful for right now? And so I can start. Francisca, Italy. I'm originally Swiss. That's why maybe some of you are like, what is this accent? It's not Aussie. It's a bit weird. I am a Swazi. I am Aussie also, but not an original Aussie. I've been here for 20 years and came here from Switzerland. 20 years ago and then started, worked in advertising. So studied marketing advertising in Geneva in Switzerland and got a scholarship to come to Sydney University. Got stuck here. The whole, you know, cliché story. Fell in love with an Aussie surfer, fell out of love with an Aussie surfer, stayed in Australia. And yeah, I've been here for 20 years. Started Basic Bananas with my ex-husband, the Aussie surfer. And we're still working together. So the other guy that you sometimes see maybe on the Basic Bananas photos and stuff and videos, that's actually in it. He's— we did the program together, this one. He's also in the video. He's a really lovely guy, Christo. That's my ex-husband. Here's a bit of gossip for you. And we still work really well together. And that's 15 years ago. And here we are today. What I'm really grateful for right now is definitely you guys and girls for jumping on and taking action. And also we have messages right now from England. My partner, my new partner, we've got two young kids. He is English. We don't hold it against him sometimes. And he's got his auntie and uncle here today. So I'm grateful for family too. I'm going to just keep throwing the ball and I go, well, who I see on the screen here. So I remember who, Alicia. And you have to— I knew I was going to end up first with your name, maybe, right? Hi everyone, I'm Alicia. So I am in, uh, country Victoria, um, in a place called Traralgon. Um, so I have a clinic, um, I've had the clinic for about 4 years now. I've been doing injectables for about 12, but, um, yeah, 4 years ago was the first time I kind of went out on my own. Um, so I have a clinic in Traralgon and I have recently opened a second clinic week in December in a place called Sale. Um, and, uh, in the last year, uh, we've had a, uh, an interesting year, but I now have 3 other nurses, um, helping me out, including one that's basically taking over my position. I'm going to step away from the business because I've actually had a— just need a break and need to kind of figure out what I want to do. So I'm getting more into the behind the scenes, so more strategy for the business I'll still be doing all the backend stuff, but I will not be on the floor. So I'm very interested in everything here and was probably, I think, the first one to sign up because as soon as you released it, I clicked yes. So yeah, I'm really, really interested to follow this through and very grateful. Yeah, we've just bought a little hobby farm up in New South Wales, so we're moving at the end of June and just trying to de-stress a little bit. So I'm grateful for family and, um, for my business, um, being able to create that for myself and my family. Wow, what a great intro! That's incredible, and well done for opening another location. And it sounds like you won't even be in the vicinity of your clinics anymore moving up. That's just so, so incredible. Well done. I'm not surprised if you were one of the first to— or the first to join, by, by the sounds of your character and how you go about it. Not surprising. Well done. We'll do one clap. You always hear it basically once we do one clap. So 1, 2, 3. Good. Uh, Candice and Ebony, are you guys related? Yeah, we're sisters. Sisters? Yeah, I wasn't sure. Yeah, so I'm Ebony, I am the younger sister. This is Candice. Hi. So I'm a registered nurse. I started injecting about 5 years ago in one of the chains. Um, when there was a change up during COVID we decided to go into business together. So Candice does all the administrative side of the business. Um, I basically do the nursing and the injecting, and everything else goes through Candice. So social pages, bookings, pays, BAS, everything. So I think that puts a lot, a lot on Candice, and I just stick to the medical stuff. We kind of outgrew our space quite quick, or our business grew really quickly, and I guess in terms of marketing, we just don't know where that leaves us. So we're open to learning heaps Um, but yeah, super grateful. I'm super grateful that I get to be on this journey with her because I get to hang out with you every day. But yeah, we've been in this studio now for about 3 years and we do love it here. Where are you? We're in Newcastle in the Hunter Valley, New South Wales. In the Hunter Valley? Yeah, lots of rain at the moment, I heard. We've— if we're not flooded in when we leave here tonight, I'll be surprised. Yeah, yeah. Well All right, well, you got time maybe to work on this if you get flooded in. Love that. Yeah, so we're kind of a package deal, but yeah, Candice tends to run most of this type of stuff. Awesome work. Candice, did you want to add something? Um, no. Yes. Um, yeah, I will admit the whole marketing is completely new to me. We were lucky that when we opened up, we set a bunch of goals for ourselves and we met them. Much quicker than what we'd planned. And then now we kind of just float around and, you know, trying to hope that the marketing and, and some new strategies and ideas will help give us a bit of direction and try and, you know, revive us. And we love it, but sometimes it can get a little bit stale, I think. Yeah, it's very busy. Yeah, great. Awesome. Thank you. One clap for you and then Ashley. 1, 2, 3. And then Ashley. Oh, and Anja is there. Anja, were you the one? No, somebody said they have a needy child. Who was the needy child one? Was that Anja? I'm the one with the needy child. Oh, that's Rhiannon. There we go. And I also have been trying to figure out how to— my camera's just started not working for some reason, so forgive me. I've been trying to turn it on. So, oh, you want to go first, Rhiannon? You go for it. Oh, do you want me to go? Yeah, while you're off mute and then actually after. All right. Yeah. So my name is Rhiannon. I am the owner of Skin and Soul Medical Aesthetics. So it's in the Central Coast in New South Wales. So not too far from Skin Shore, actually. So I have had my business for around 3 years and I've been injecting for about 5 years as well. I started off in a chain clinic And yeah, it's been going good. I'm just a one-woman show, so it is incredibly full-on, um, especially with my needy children. Um, and then I also still work part-time at the hospital as well, so, um, it's just a— there's, there's a lot. And so I basically have zero marketing skills, I guess, and, you know we don't learn much about business in our nursing degree either. So, um, that's probably something that I, yeah, I'm really wanting to work on is kind of, you know, marketing and business skills and all that sort of thing. Amazing. Well done. Well done for showing up today. What are you grateful for? Pardon? Is there something you're grateful for? Oh yeah, um, I am grateful for coffee. Me too, and I'm grateful for my friends and family as well. Thumbs up. And the needy children that make you drink coffee. Yes, and the needy children. I'll grab for you. 1, 2, 3. And Ashley. Hi everyone, um, so my name is Ashley. I, um, am looking at starting up, um, or midway through starting up the Derm Clinic. I'm a nurse practitioner in Kingscliff so northern New South Wales near the border, and have been doing lots of courses and recently been working in the telehealth, like skin health, I guess, environment. So looking to put that into a clinic space where I can also offer the injectables. And so as everyone else has said, we don't get a lot of training with marketing, so it's kind of a little bit overwhelming with getting things up and running. And, and something I'm grateful for is hopefully, fingers crossed, a bit of a better work-life balance rather than working in the hospitals and spending a little bit more time with the family. I have a 4-year-old at home as well. Amazing. Needy 4-year-old. Needy 4-year-old. Yeah, I got a 4-year-old. One clap for you. 1, 2, 3. And Ashley, I'm just down the road from you. We have our head office in Sydney on the Northern Beaches. I've lived there for almost 20 years, and now I'm in Potts Hill. Oh, awesome. So yeah, so I'm mainly here with the family, but then every now and then I have to go to Sydney, which I try to avoid these days. Yeah, fair enough. Kingscliff is gorgeous though, where you are. Um, Steve, and then Joanna. Hi guys, I'm, um, the owner of the Grebel Clinic in South Yarra, Melbourne. I've been the owner of the clinic now for 7 years, since 2018. Uh, actually, I'm not medical, so I don't inject. I got into the industry for my daughters. She's an injector, Unfortunately, she's no longer with me. She moved sort of regionally and she left the business. So, but I'm still here. So that sort of wasn't how it was intended, but it's just the way it goes and it's actually a great little business. So we employ about, well, with casuals, you know, a couple of casuals as well, but 5 staff. And, you know, I do marketing through other paid services, but I just thought, you know, I haven't changed anything for quite a while. So maybe it's time that I can hopefully pick up something new and start implementing some new techniques. Great. That's about it for me, really. I'm grateful for my health, to be honest, because I'm getting old and I'm still pretty active. So that's great. You still look very young. How old is the clinic? I'm the second owner. It was established in 2014, but I took over in 2018. Oh, that's what he said. Yeah, yeah, actually, I did write that down. Yeah. Awesome. Well done. I believe your daughter roped you into running a clinic and then just— I know. Look, she really didn't like management either. You know, she didn't like managing staff and the other side, the admin side of the business. She just wanted to inject, so she's sort of gone off and she's just renting rooms in other clinics and injecting and, and loves that. So yeah, yeah, it's not, it's not for every— we'll make sure you keep cranking so that she gets, uh, to see how much you don't need her. Yeah, kidding. One clap for you and then Joanna. 1, 2, 3 for Steve, Joanna, and then Anya. Sorry, I've got to unmute. Hi everyone, my name's Jo. Um, I've owned a clinic now since 2006, so what's that, 19 years? Uh, it was established in 1988. I was the second owner. It was a franchise, so I was a dermal therapist actually— sorry— at the beginning. Before I became a nurse. And, um, didn't want to be a franchise anymore. They did all my marketing. It was great. It was fantastic business. I wanted to obviously, um, break away from them, so I left in 2017. And then I studied to be a nurse, worked with plastic surgeons hospital, GP practice. Also, I— what else did I do? I've done a lot actually. Oh, worked for those, uh, what do you call them, the, uh, those clinics where for 2 years I was injecting before I went back to my business because I subleased it. I didn't want to sell it, so I gave the keys and I told my staff, get your own ABN and work it. I'll be back. So COVID hit, so I went back to my clinic in 2022, and from 2022 until today, on the side, I've been nurse educating. Uh, was doing psoriasis and also heart failure GP clinics with nurses, and now I've decided to just sit down, learn marketing and just focus on my business because I really love it. And what am I grateful for? I love my family and my loyal friends, which I have heaps. And I'm glad I didn't sell it. And that's why I'm here. Yeah, I am old as well. Yeah, I'm 55, so I've been around the beauty industry for a long time. And where is your business, Joanna? In Ivanhoe, Melbourne. And I just want to work for myself. I don't want to have staff anymore. Sorry, you have staff. No more. Just me. Yeah, understandable. Great. Awesome, Joanna. One clap for you. Thanks for sharing. And then Anya, and then Lea. Okay. Hi everyone, my name is Anya Jones, and just like you, Francesca, I'm an import. I am from Sweden. And, uh, often mixed up for being Swiss, you know. Yeah, so I get Swedish all the time. Where do you— I know, I know, I know, all the time. But anyway, I've never been to Switzerland, but love to go one day. I've been here for 25 years, uh, my background is nursing, and, um, I'm also a dermal clinician. I studied at the, um, Dermal, um, uh, Institute, uh, in Copenhagen, Denmark. And I've also done my diploma in skincare formulations. So that's my sort of little side hustle. I am creating my own skincare brand. I've been in business on and off. I had my first clinic 2012 to 2016 before we moved overseas. I back then had 5 treatment rooms but was mainly doing beauty. And I bought the business of another business owner. I had zero clue about marketing or anything, just like most of you here. Literally, I got the keys, I went in, and, you know, I thought, okay, let's do it. And that was my, that was my business plan. Anyway, I don't know how I managed, but I managed for 5 years and moved overseas, and I'm now back. Opened a clinic in the second lockdown. First 2 years, I was more or less closed because I got wrongly diagnosed with cancer. I thought I was gonna die, but But anyway, that wasn't the case. And yeah, I had surgeries and stuff like that. So really, I've been in business for actively for about a year. And I attended the Business Growth Accelerator course that we had with Fresh, just finished that up a few weeks ago. And that's when Rob told me about you, Francisca, and the course we're doing now. So I'm extremely grateful just to be part of this as well because, you know, marketing and having strategies and so forth. I believe it's sort of the key. And, um, what I'm grateful for is I'm just trying to be grateful for life at the moment. Been so stressful, you know, just, just the simple things, you know, cup of tea, spending time with the kids, dogs, you know, walk on the beach. And, um, really grateful to be here and get the opportunity. Yeah. She's given us. And so thank you, Francesca. Well, thank you. Thank you for showing up and being grateful for the little things. It's such a great reminder what you're sharing. And there was something else I wanted to share with you. Now it's gone away. It's gone away. There was something that just came up that I wanted to share, but it will come back if it's important. So just thank you for, thank you for being here today. Really appreciate that. One clap for you. Oh, now I know what it was. Your skincare also brand that you're— did you say because you also know how to make skincare products? Is that a side another brand that you're building? Yes, but I want to incorporate it. But eventually when I get rid of the— not get rid of, but whatever I do to my clinic, you know, the skincare brand goes with me because I can do that wherever I am. I figured, yeah, because I'm really passionate about it. It's just, you know, got to get the word out there as well. And the stuff that you learn here, you can apply also to a skincare brand, e-commerce, all that stuff. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Is it Leah? I would say Leah. It's probably completely wrong. And it's probably Leah or something like that. Hey. Yeah, you know who you are. Hi, I'm Leah. I've got a clinic in Hatfield in Melbourne. It's been about a year now injecting, but it's been nursing for over 20 years, jumping in and out to patients. Theatre nursing and currently open my clinic in Hatfield 3 days a week and the rest of the days Monday to Wednesday working in the hospital in theatre. I joined this group because I have zero merchandising marketing skill at all. I thought studying postgraduate will do all of it, but when I started this business, it's a really shock for me that I really need to do marketing. So I have zero marketing experience, and I'm so grateful with my family, especially Ammy, which is just right here, that supported me with all my marketing. But we need more that we can do the rest of whatever we can do to expose my business into the internet side of it. And yeah, I'm grateful with my family, my sister, and being healthy. Doing the career that I'd love, and I love doing this cosmetic injecting. I think I have a future with this, and I would like to continue and hopefully working in a cosmetic clinic soon, no longer working in the hospital, I hope. Thank you. Thank you. And Leah, this is your sister, right? Yes. Amy, was it Amy? Amy, yeah, did you want to add something too? Yes, um, I'm so grateful to join this, um, team, so I think it would be good for me to learn marketing as well. I'm not in marketing or a beauty background, I'm in investment, but I think it would be great to help Leia. I'm her support crew, so we want to work things out together and, you know, to help her in her business as well. Lots of referrals, all her friends Yeah, come to my clinic. Oh, I can hear it. That's so lovely. She sounds like a really amazing support person. And, you know, I always say marketing is a skill for life. It doesn't matter what you do, whether you do this or you do something else, or you buy a hobby farm like Alicia. It's a skill for life, you know, whether you sell cows or toilet paper or injections, you use marketing. So yes, yeah, really good skill to have. One clap for you. 1, 2, 3. And then I've got Ben Fang's iPad. I wonder if Ben Fang is here and also Lilian. Ben Fang, can you hear me and are you here or not? And then also Lilian, are you here, Lilian? Maybe they're just in the background. Oh wait, suddenly it's Priscilla now because I probably had the wrong name. Priscilla, are you able to come off mute? Did you want to introduce yourself? If I don't hear anything, or you can also pop something in the chat if you want. And then last but not least. Oh yeah, there we go. Oh, Priscilla, there you are. Hello. Hi. Hi. And we've got Priscilla and her little boy here. What's his name? What's your name? Max Ryan. Max Ryan. Max Ryan. What a noble name you have. Thanks for joining us. Well, he's learning a bit about marketing. Hopefully he can take it over one day. Yeah, yeah, I reckon straight away. Yeah, uh, a bit about myself. Um, I've been a registered nurse for over 20 years and was in the hospital, hematology oncology, and started teen checking about 8 years ago and started my own business about 4 years ago. And then purchased another business where I was working. So now I have two locations. I'm thinking of— I'm deciding because I'm just too busy myself. I'm the only injector. I'm the one running everything. Have some— have a few skin therapists for at one location as— but yeah, I'm the only injector. We are very busy with the injecting and I bought some machines for skin treatment and try to build up the skin side. Um, yeah, I don't know anything about marketing. I have worked with some marketing companies, but because I don't know anything, they also always ask for my advice and I have nothing to contribute. And I wanted to know a bit more so I actually can lead or decide, have the, you know, the direction. Of where my business want to head to. Um, what I'm grateful for? I'm grateful for you, for my boy, my family, my husband, very supportive when I work 6 days a week, and he's been taking care of the family and running around for the classes and cooking, cleaning. Yeah, awesome. Thank you. Thanks, Priscilla. One clap for you. 1, 2, 3. Thank you. And thank you, Lillian. We can see you now. Yes, I was— I don't know why I couldn't find myself to unmute. I'm on my mobile phone tonight, so I was like, oh, quick, you're here, you're calling me, and I couldn't find the button all of a sudden. Yeah, um, on the phone sometimes. Yeah, lucky last. So my name is Lillian. Hello everyone. Um, I became a cosmetic injector about 2 years ago. I retrained. Nursing was my second degree, so my background is oral health. So I've been an oral health therapist for 20 years this year. All the years of practicing pediatric dentistry made my shoulders, the muscles, very imbalanced. So years of shoulder, neck pain. So I was thinking, I was having fear on what can I do if I if I can't practice in this job anymore. Plus, I had a dental clinic myself. Running a dental clinic is very difficult. The stress level was always 10 out of 10, constant. You got too many clients, you're nervous, you don't have enough staff, not enough patient, you're paying all the overheads, all the staff have to be there. Whereas cosmetic injectables, um, worst to the worst, you just operate on your— by yourself. You can be the admin person, you can be the accounting, you can be the admin reception, and you can be the injector. So, um, so I made a transformation. But the dental clinic I had, I had a whole team of marketing people, um, people who are building the website. So I had— I felt like it was a very old-fashioned traditional way, just paid them on the monthly basis. They run campaign for us in the first year and the second year, just, um, the business just took off. Um, dental— dentistry is a necessity, so the internal referral is very high. Um, if you make one client happy, they bring the whole family, 4 or 5. Whereas the cosmetic injectables, um, it's between customer service and medical. So demand is different. So I feel like you have to reach further out to bring clients. And again, it's not something you can contract, outsource the marketing team. A lot of things that need to be done internally, like Francisca mentioned. So I, when I scroll through Instagram to see other clinicians doing their promotions, very inspiring. The ideas of making the little clips very funny, but I can't picture myself to be there like a clown. You lay on the floor with all the hands up. I just can't picture myself like that. But it's— I don't know, maybe it's a trend. I want to be inspired. I want to be trained professionally to do it properly if I were to do it myself. Yeah, so what's been great for this week, I've had a few people that close to me had breast cancer diagnosed. A patient passed away, and I was very young, 62, brain tumor, just died the next day. So I'm very grateful to be alive and very grateful to be at this job and the profession that I chose and I love and absolutely inspire me every day. So Yeah, that's about me. Thank you. Thanks so much. Thanks for sharing, Lynette. One clap for you. And Heidi on my team, did you want to say a quick hello? Heidi is basically, if anything is broken, if you can't find anything, if you don't know where, where to access your membership or you lost logins or anything, Heidi is your girl because I have no idea how to do any of that. Heidi, did you want to have a quick hello? Okay, sure. No problem. I'm— hi guys, I'm Heidi. I'm a single mom of two wild little humans. Actually, they're not so little anymore. Oh, he's not so little anymore. Yeah, exactly. Um, coming at you from the Philippines. Um, I've been with Basic Bananas for almost 10 years now. Uh, next month, which is June 1st, is my unofficial party day. So it will be my 10th year, and I'm basically the multitasking queen. So juggling everything from emails to, um, life's curveballs, like it's my superpower. Um, one thing I'm grateful about is, um, for the chance to keep learning and growing every day. Even when life's a crazy juggling act. I'm also super grateful for family, my kids, the Basic Bananas family, and also you guys, my new family, the fresh Clever Bunch family. So yeah, this team actually keeps us grounded and inspired. So as Francisca mentioned earlier, if you need a hand or you just want to chat or yeah, anything that I can help you with, you can just email me at support@basicbananas.com or just WhatsApp me. I'm on the group, by the way. Thank you so much. Thanks, Heidi. One clap for Heidi. Heidi, I don't know what I would do. I probably wouldn't be here without Heidi. She organized this Zoom. She knows how to do anything systems-wise, and she gets about 20 million emails from me every day or messages. Asking for something. So I'm glad you're still here after 10 years. So here we go. I'm going to share my screen. Heidi, can you see the one that says Fresh Clever Bunch on it? You can just see that on here. Yeah. Good. Awesome. So everyone should have received, and this is where Heidi comes in, everyone should have received an email. To get a login to access this platform here. It's called bbcommunity.com. Just save this link somewhere because you only need this. If you ignore all our emails and WhatsApp messages, you can do that. Don't do that, but you can. You just need this. And I'm going to share with you, mine looks probably a bit different to yours because I have access to everything. We have different programs in here. When you, you probably, you can see the community support celebrations and all that. You can access this too. The most important part is this one here, the Fresh Clover Bunch. And you can see here, it says even here, we're live right now because we're on the advisory board right now. So once you log in, and again, this session right now is also recorded. So this will be in the recordings. I'll show you where they are. And so if you suddenly need to go see what forgot how something works or, or, you know, a question that you had, you can come and watch recording. Now, how we work is here, you can see it's a 12-week program, but we're doing, as I said, we're doing one more of these because today is just the introduction. And so how we work is now, now from now on, from now until next Tuesday till we meet, we're starting Module 1. And then after Module 1, we go to 2, 3, blah, blah. And so So what you will do from now until next week is go through each of these tabs. And I know some weeks you'll be busy and you maybe won't have time to watch or implement everything. That's fine. Don't beat yourself up. There's a lot here. And the good news is that you have access to these modules, to all this content forever after, until the end of the year, until whatever, like you'll have access for years. If you want to. We're never going to take this down. So if you can't implement something or not everything, it's fine. It's too much to implement in 12 weeks. But we want you to have all the information. So what you can do after today, what I suggest you do is everyone has a different schedule. Many of you have kids, so evenings are difficult. There's witching hour. Usually this time is witching hour for many of us. So whenever you have time, just block out some You know, if you can, let's say 1, 2 hours at least a week, block it out to purely work on marketing. And for some of you that might mean, hey, you know what, Monday morning, I have time or evenings, maybe, you know, 2 evenings a week for an hour each, maybe. Whatever works for you, block it out and then come here, watch the first, you can read this here, welcome to the Fresh Clever Bunch, and then start with Module 1. Just click on this, and in here you will have really short videos explaining the different things we're going to implement. And so once you've watched it— Can you get there? Because I can't. Are you in there, Anja? I am, and it says Fresh Clinics, the Fresh Clever Bunch. Yeah. And that's it. No spaces here yet. Check back later, it says. Heidi, do you need to approve Anja to have access? Maybe, maybe there's an access challenge. And if you click on Table of Contents, can you also not see anything at the top here? If you click on Fresh Clever Bunch and then that first tab here. I have Fresh Clinics, but the Fresh Clever Bunch doesn't seem to come up. You don't have the Fresh Clever Bunch. No, it just says Fresh Clinics and underneath it says nothing. Masterclasses? No, there must— what if you click on the arrow next to the Fresh Clinics? You know that where it says Fresh Clinics, is there a dropdown arrow underneath? It says Explore and I want to click on it. Masterclasses? Um, I can't see any. I think you did not join yet. Can you to ask. Okay, I'll try to use your email address. I'll send you an invite. You might have to click join. Is anyone else in? Just to make sure. No, I'm not in as well. Um, I signed in this afternoon, showing still pending for approval. What email did you use? Maybe Heidi can quickly help with that too. Um, yeah, I use faceandbodyatlate@gmail.com. So any— oh, wait a second, where are you going? I just missed you when— there we are. Is anyone who is already in, can you quickly pop, uh, an emoji into the chat? Because I actually depend on the names, guys. I'm so sorry. So the names, your name, your first names that you registered on the spreadsheet, so that's, that's where I— Brianna is in. Cool. Awesome. Candice is in. Okay, cool. It is working. So you guys can see it. Okay. Awesome. Awesome. Many are in. The ones that are not in, just pop your email in the chat so that Heidi can make sure you have access. Excellent. Put it in right again. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. Cool. And then, so then how it works is you, and if you suddenly have, can my sister need a different login? I think your sister can use the same login, Heidi, right? Just use the same email address and Yes, the same email is fine. Yeah, you're fine. So we can log in at the same time together. Awesome. You can share it. That's fine. You can share the same login. Yep. Oh, lovely. Thank you so much. Thank you. And so you go through these modules here and here, if you want, we have a WhatsApp group already, so we can chat in the WhatsApp group. You could also chat in here if you want to. Hey, awesome humans. So great to have you here. This is where you are welcome to share your work, ask questions, celebrate wins. So we can chat in here if you want to, or you can use the WhatsApp, whichever you prefer. Then here on Tuesdays. Just before 7. If you don't find the links to anything, you're like, I don't know, I remember we were meeting tonight, but I don't know where anything is. Just before 7, you can just come in here if you want on Tuesdays and you can join straight through here. So the next one is next week. You can go straight onto the Zoom here. Cool. And then the recordings will go in here. So today's recording will go in here. There's nothing in here yet. But it will go in here once, once today is recorded. Cool. Now, any questions on this? I do want to quickly start with just sharing, and then we'll— and then I'll let you guys go. Just the last thing is You'll go through this in the second tab here. We're going to use a framework. So the whole, the whole purpose of the 12 weeks is for you to have some sort of a framework, a marketing plan that you can follow. Because many, many clinic owners, many nurses, they just, they just try different things, but they don't really know what's working, what's not working. They don't really understand it. They're like, what is this whole marketing thing? What should I do? So I want you to be able to follow something along and have a plan that you can then use forever after. And so the plan that we use is called the marketing ecosystem. And we use it, we've used this for many years, for many, many of our members are using this and you will use it hopefully for as long as you run your own businesses. And it looks, when you click on here, you will see it, but again, just ask Heidi, message in the WhatsApp group if you have questions. Under the second module, if you go to this one here— Heidi, maybe make the whole thing a clickable link. That's why I couldn't find it, because I wasn't hovering over the last bit here. So just maybe make this whole thing the clickable link, Heidi, when you can. When you click on that, it will open a sheet that looks like this. Alicia, should we go through the whole of Module 1 before next week's calls if you can. Yes. They're not, they're not long videos. There are maybe 5 or 6 or so videos, but they're not that long. They're less than 10 minutes, most of them. So yes, if you can watch them all, that would be great because then next time what we do is you go through module 1 on your own and then next time we will discuss and you'll come with your homework. You might say, hey, I haven't had time to do this yet, but I need some help. I'm a bit confused or How do I do this? How do I understand my audiences? Or I'm not quite sure who my audience is. I kind of, I kind of want to target everyone and then I'm going to go, no, you don't. And if you do, we need to have micro niches. So we'll have a discussion on these different topics next time. And we're just going to go wherever you need to go. So, so this, this is the time for you to, to ask questions and for us to then implement and help you. So this is the whole framework that we'll be following along throughout the 12 weeks. And so what you do here, it depends what you use. If you, for some of you, and I don't want to get too technical, but for some of you who are using Google Documents as a thing already on your computer, you can just go make, go to file and make a copy. Of this document. If you don't use Google Documents, but you use Google Excel, oh, sorry, just Microsoft Excel, you just download a copy to your desktop here. So you just go download Microsoft Excel. Most of you probably will just go download a copy here. And then you have it on your, on your desktop or in a folder, wherever you save your files. And you call it the Fresh Clever Bunch. Cool. Because then you will start editing this stuff here. So you will make your own copy. And then as we work through together, you will start adding your bits in here. So the first module, we'll talk about purpose statement and the importance of it. And purpose statement, and you, you'll learn more. I'm not going to give it away now, but Purpose statements are important because they will sort of give you the foundation of your marketing messaging for later on. So over Module 1, you'll, you'll learn about purpose statement. You're going to add it in here. You say our, wait, can I write in here? Maybe this is locked so that I should be able to write in here. Oh, there it is. I might say our purpose here at Evolve Skin Aesthetics is to support women in feeling confident and enjoying the important moments in life, or whatever, whatever your thing is. You add it in here. And then also, what are your values? And again, in Module 1, I talk about what that is exactly. And then you also add your target audiences or audience, depending on if you have more, if you have one or more than one. Cool. So that's pretty much the first module is going to talk about these bits at the top here. And then as we go through the weeks, we'll add stuff here. We say, okay, cool. You know what, we are going to try a direct mail campaign. Or you might say, I'm going to do a better referral system. Or, and don't worry about if you don't know what the stuff is and what it means, and we're going to do it all. Or I'm going to focus on doing a strategic partnership. So as we go through the program, we're going to fill these bits in here. Cool. Yep. Any questions on this? And before we go, let's take a quick photo so we can use it as a thing in the WhatsApp group too, like a little— what's the thing? The little profile picture. So if you all want to do a big smile, I'm just going to get the thing ready. And then I'll count to 3, and if you want to smile, 1, 2, 3, and I'll take a photo. 1, 2, 3. Awesome. Any questions? All good? We're going to make it fun. It sounds really daunting and like a lot of stuff. It is a lot of stuff, I'm not going to lie, but we're going to make it fun. So don't worry. I know marketing can be painful for some, enjoyable for others. I love it, but I only love it when it's done without being marketingy, annoying, pushy. Great marketing is fun. Most marketing out there is a bit boring and lame, especially a lot of the franchise stores that you probably have worked with. They're not that good at what they do. So there's, and some of you have been part of, I mean, Joanna exited one, probably also part because of that reason, they're not doing things really in a very exciting fashion. So there's space here to do it your way and to do it well and do it in a way that is aligned with who you are. And I know Lilian before, she said, I don't want to be this trendy, but I want to lie on the floor and do the hand thing. I don't know what she meant. It's probably some TikTok trend. I don't care. She doesn't need to do that. You only need to do what's aligned with who you are. If you hate the camera, fine, you don't need to be in front of the camera. There's also AI now. You can use that if you want or push a team member in front of the camera. You don't have to do things that you don't want to do. And there are so many different mediums that we can use and so many different ways to use them that you just do the stuff that you like. That is going to, because it's authentic too. If you're doing something, if Lilian is going to try and do a TikTok thing that she saw and she really doesn't like it, I'm going to feel it on the other side and I'm not going to come in. So we do the things that are aligned with us and are authentic and real and that the marketing feels good for you. Alicia is like, I'm scared. Good. A little bit of scared is good. I don't believe you bought a freaking hobby farm and you started two businesses. Come on. You're not scared. You're excited. I'm all about being scared and taking action. I wrote a book on courage. I talk about it a lot. So. That's good. Any other questions? And then I'm going to let you go. Um, just, I'm going to let you go, but I do want you to just write one emotion before you go into the chat. One emotion can be, and it can be scared, excited, pumped, uh, tired, overwhelmed, anything can be positive, negative, anything. Just how are you feeling? And then I will let you go. Excited. I, yeah, another excited. Yeah, I'm grateful also. More excited, motivated. Good. Excited, but also overwhelmed. Yeah, totally. There's an angelic, cheeky. I'm going to take the Leah one as cheeky. Playful. Good. All these emojis, I never know what they all mean, so I'm just going to make it up. What else? How are you feeling? Do we have everyone? We might have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Oh, we might have everyone here. Did Priscilla? Yeah, Priscilla did one too. Awesome. Cool. Okay. I think most of you are excited, pumped, a little scared, and that's a good thing. Steve didn't do one. Oh, Steve did one. He's also excited. No, he's actually exited. He's already left. He's left us. I hope you haven't left us. Thirsty and hungry. I'm, I'm actually thirsty, but you're thirsty for outside of the comfort zone. Good, Lilian. All right. I am, I'm like literally thirsty. So I will let you go. You know where to find Heidi, support@basicnana. So any, any admin questions, please ask Heidi because I'm going to just ask Heidi if you ask me and anything marketing related, I'm your person. I'm going to be here to support you and we're going to make this happen as much as possible. Action. Over imperfect action over perfect doing nothing. Yeah. Cool. Perfect inaction. Cool. Awesome. If you want to come off mute, throw some noise out there. I'm going to try and keep this at about the 45-minute mark because I know everyone is busy and we usually can get through a lot in 45 minutes. So let's say 7 to 7:45 generally on a Tuesday night. And if you can come to as many as possible, that's where you get the most. Bang for your bucks in here. So module 2 will be released next Tuesday. Yeah. So we're focusing on— there's a little hack, but it, it's released sequentially. So as soon as you've watched the video, you can watch the next one and then you can watch the next one. So if you wanted to, you could bang through all of them straight away, but ideally you do module 1 and then you wait and then you do module— you wait and implement. But if you're suddenly, if you are suddenly on a holiday, you're like, you know what, I'm going to watch 6. Of these and I'm going to implement them all, you can also do that. Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. Awesome. Hey, come off mute, make some noise, and I will see you next week at the same time with questions, something implemented, and definitely the modules, the videos watched. We're going to do a point system, Heidi. So we're going to, we're going to, yeah, we're going to do that. We're going to, we're going to give you all points. For attendance. We're also going to give you points for implementation, and I'm going to come up with a prize. We'll come up with what the prize is. I need to think about it. All right, thank you. Awesome. Thank you. Bye-bye.