Speaker A: So we've only got one question from Helen today. So what we might do is, and it's a really good one, is there's multiple questions in one question and they're all good. I'm really proud of you, Helen, because you're just—

Speaker B: I'm trying.

Speaker A: Yeah, you're trying and you're taking action and you're such an entrepreneur. I'm just, I'm really pumped. It's so nice. It's so, so, so nice to see.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, I really appreciate it.

Speaker B: Giving it the time.

Speaker A: I really appreciate that. It will make a huge difference, especially where you're wanting to head with the business. So yeah. Yeah. Hey, let's just quickly check in, Paul, where, where are you at? Is there anything that you would love to, what are you working on? Maybe also introduce yourself real quick for people who don't know you. What is your business?

Speaker D: Sure. Hi folks. I'm My name is Paul Atkins. I'm in Bayview in Sydney, and, uh, I run a not-for-profit called ProSocial World that basically does online education in, uh, training facilitation skills and leadership skills. Uh, so that's what I'm doing at the moment, and, uh, I'm still finding a focus for how I want to focus Basic Bananas. Um, one of the activities that I'm doing is building a Substack where I publish articles. And yeah, so I'm just sort of thinking about content marketing and building funnels and all that sort of thing. That's what I'm engaged in. And I must admit, I had a death in the family, Francisco, a few weeks ago, and I've just had a bit of a rough month. So I'm just catching up again now and reconnecting with the materials and so on and thought I'd just drop in today and say hi and hopefully get back on track.

Speaker A: Yeah, sorry to hear about that. That's horrible. Glad to see you here.

Speaker D: Yeah, thanks.

Speaker A: I'm just looking you up on LinkedIn. Yeah, here we go. You know, your Substack content that you're publishing, I'm gonna connect with you on LinkedIn too here. You could also publish that, the same articles on LinkedIn, LinkedIn articles.

Speaker D: Yeah, I usually do a short post every time I do a long post on Substack. I do a short post connecting to it.

Speaker A: Great.

Speaker D: Is that a good strategy?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah, as long as you also leverage your LinkedIn network and grow your LinkedIn network, that's for somebody like you. I think that's a really good channel.

Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah. Cool.

Speaker A: Yeah. Great. Awesome. Thanks for sharing. Let's do one clap for Paul and for committing and showing up despite the, you know, the difficult time. Really appreciate that. Emma. Might be an obvious question. I've been hearing a lot about Substacks lately and I don't really understand what they are. Are they something, I don't know, like a LinkedIn page or is it something else? Paul, do you wanna?

Speaker D: It's like a weekly newsletter or it's a newsletter publication thing, but it's, intended to be something that, like a monetization platform for creators so that you can charge for your work. So a lot of people have an annual subscription fee for receiving the newsletters or they have newsletters that go out that where you can read a little bit of it and then you have to pay to see the rest of it and so forth. So the idea is to try to give more control to the creators for generating a revenue stream.

Speaker A: So Substack, like a platform, like a WordPress or something like that.

Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's just, it's very simple. Tool to create and email content out. And it's, they've also got things like video and, you know, live streaming and all sorts of things now. I don't know that I'm fully utilizing it. Like all things, I feel as though I know about 10% of how to use it. But yeah, that's what I've been thinking I want to go all in on. The other thing is I'm writing a book at the moment and a friend of mine or a person I know recently wrote a book and serialized it on Substack and basically got feedback on the book by publishing a chapter each month or week or something. And yeah, I'm thinking about doing something similar. Yeah, Sarah Wilson just did that, you know, Sarah Wilson, it's Sarah Wilson I'm thinking of actually.

Speaker A: Yeah, she just did that. So Emma, you don't really have to worry about Substack for your businesses. It's, It's really good for writers also. It's a, it's another platform where people who write articles, content, books, like the Sarah Wilson's, Paul, even myself, if I had time, I would, I would have a Substack. I really don't have time for something else, but I should have one. It's for writers to create content. And then once you got a following, like Sarah Wilson, she's the one that wrote, um, you know, Sarah Wilson, she's an author. She wrote a few really beautiful books and I Quit Sugar, I think was her thing. And yeah, she's, she's really engaged writer and political. So she then also, because she has quite a persona as a writer, she then has a subscription. You can pay a monthly fee to read her other content. But that's what Paul is referring to. So, so yeah, really good for writers, authors. Yeah. People building a platform. Cool, Paul. That's really exciting about your book too.

Speaker D: Yeah, it's, it's pretty cool. I'm enjoying it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, really fun. That's awesome. I'm working on my fifth book and it's just such a process, takes, takes forever, but it's beautiful process of thinking and pondering. Thank you for sharing, Paul. Vicki, what, where are you at? What are you working on?

Speaker C: Just trying, oh God, you know, I'm just so disorganized. My biggest problem is trying to organize my day and stick to a plan because at any given moment something happens that will take me off track and then my whole day is ruined. And I, I put in a really hard weekend. I got heaps of stuff done on Sunday, but then Monday I was just a basket case all day. I, I was just brain dead all day. I couldn't do anything.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: So I, I'm really struggling. I'm struggling to keep up with everything that I have to do.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I get that. And there's so many fires to put out and then admin and, you know, you want to do the tasks that bring in money, but then you get ripped into all these stupid admin tasks and this and this person is sending you a message here and there. You know, for you, I was also thinking, because for you, the main point— actually, do you want to quickly share your business? And then everyone here who doesn't know you yet has a bit of—

Speaker C: yeah, I designed and sell an easy composter that composts all your kitchen waste.. So it doesn't, you can use it for worm-friendly food and worms, but it's more efficient when you use it with this little bug called the black soldier fly. So that's in essence, and it, you can propagate on the top of it very successfully. And because of that, I've got a little seed business attached to the main business, which doesn't make me a lot of money, but you know, it brings in what I call a bit of bread and butter. That's about it. But my main business is my compost business. Yeah, that's in a nutshell.

Speaker A: Yeah, great. And, and who would be the perfect buyer for the compost buckets?

Speaker C: It is so hard to, to narrow down a buyer. I know I get a lot of buyers between 35 and 65, but then I get young people coming along, you know, 18, 21, that want to get into composting and don't know anything. The range is enormous. I've not really been able to effectively narrow down an absolute target market. It's really hard because you can— a 5-year-old can use it, or, or a 92-year-old can use it, or 100-year-old can use it. So it's really— it appeals to a wide range of people.

Speaker A: Because what I'm thinking also is that another good strategy for some of you here, and a lot of our e-commerce businesses, and also some— we work with a lot of beauty clinics they're using this strategy right now is to find Facebook groups that, for example, for you, I'm thinking Facebook groups of hobby gardeners, for example.

Speaker C: I joined a lot of those groups and of course some of them you can only join, you can't join as a business, you have to join as an individual.

Speaker A: Absolutely.

Speaker C: Yeah. You can't promote on them. So it's, and I don't even, I don't have time to be on there and participate in, cause I'm trying to rewrite all the seeds on my site as well. There's 400 different seeds. Um, it's a huge job. I'm trying to fix my website up. I, you know, this— I'm trying to take videos in the day so I can post every day on Facebook. There's just too many things, and I, I just wish I knew how to, to organize that in a way I could say, now I do this, now I do that. But every day is different. I, I can't do it.

Speaker A: What do you need help with the most?

Speaker C: Everything. Everything. Editing videos, probably. That if I found someone that could edit my videos and save me that time, that would be, um, a big help. Um, but then I've got to have the money, you see. I'm so short of money at the moment because of my disaster. Um, that makes it really hard finding someone that doesn't cost you an arm and a leg. I did try a guy in, um, on Fiverr, but he really didn't get the essence of, of the video, so I pretty much had to redo it myself anyway.

Speaker A: So, you know, yeah, I just posted a guy in the chat that, that we use sometimes. Uh, Kevin has especially worked with him. He is in—

Speaker C: oh, you mentioned that. Yeah, I forgot about that after the— you know, once, once the meeting was over last week, I just had to get on with other business and everything else went out, out of my head.

Speaker A: Yeah, great. Awesome. Thanks, thanks for sharing. Michelle, are you here? Maybe not. Maybe, let's see, Emma, you were already off mute. Do you want to share what you're working on? And then we'll get, we'll get to Helen's question too, but we have a little bit of time just quickly to, to see what, what you're all up to. Um, I'm just redoing all our signage at the moment for our showroom for products, so it's, um, trying to use the right language and, uh, make it worthwhile so it's a good selling tool. Um, the other thing we're working on is another website for all our plastic products to try and sell them as a I guess more of a warehouse type idea. We've started Boxed and Sorted, so I'm just getting the prices up now for that, and it's another tedious task. So, um, social media and promotion have kind of gone out the window, but we're busy because our radio ads are working. So, well done. But that's all right.

Speaker C: What does she do? What do you do?

Speaker A: Uh, we've got a shelving, industrial shelving business, but we also do storage products and plastics and office furniture and things like that. So, yeah, one thing leads on to another. Yeah. Yeah. That's great to hear that the radio ads are doing so well. It's such a low-cost option for you where you are in your area and people just dismiss it. That was super well done. You came up with the script too, right? Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: With a little help from ChatGPT these days just to get the brain going. Really good. But yeah, we mainly sell, Lynette, we mainly sell to other businesses or agriculture. It's, I mean, people do come in and buy personal sort of things, but it's business to business or that type of thing. Great, awesome. Thanks for sharing. Thanks, Emma and Lynette. I'm sorry, I'm just going to put my computer glasses on. I've got some eye, when I look into the screen too much, my eyes start crying. So the universe is trying to tell me something. Lynette.

Speaker C: Hi.

Speaker B: Um, uh, uh, bit rough actually. I've been away for a couple of weeks. I've lost my father last week, so, um, I'm not going to be particularly effective today and have not been for some time.

Speaker A: Oh, I'm sorry to hear about that. Thanks for showing up.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you. So nothing really to offer today.

Speaker A: Thank you. Yeah, sorry about that. It's tough.

Speaker B: Yeah, thank you. I know you've been through it too. Yeah.

Speaker A: Helen, let's go to your question. Oh, Brendan, I wonder— no, Brendan is in a noisy space, so Brendan is going to be in the background. So good to have you here just sitting in. Brendan is also going to run— Brendan runs a company that helps people with conversion, so a marketing agency, and he's really clever, and we did a podcast together. He's also going to run a session with Genius on Monday. So really, really fun to work together on that. Helen, you've got some epic questions. I reckon you just come off mute and ask, and I've got answers already ready for you here. Oh, do you want me to read them out? Is it easier for you? If you wouldn't mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually, before I do, maybe just quickly share, and I can, I've got your website open here. Quickly share with everyone who you are and your company. Do you want to share what your company does? I got—

Speaker B: yeah, I just lost you then.

Speaker A: Oh, sorry.

Speaker B: Might be— okay. Yeah, so, um, I own a company named Artform Collective. We're here in Mona Vale, so just near— I think it was Paul, that was Bayview, so we're just down the road. Um, so I've got a large showroom and I've been in business for over 30 years, but I'm way, way behind with Um, with gaining people's information, newsletters, blogs, all that sort of stuff. I was really old school for a long time. Yeah. So we do glass and we do framing. So, uh, splashbacks, shower screens, uh, lots of mirrors framed, unframed, and then it moves over to our framing team that does wholesale, retail, corporate, and we do installations. And art placement.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, really, really awesome business. I've, I've used Artform Collective and had an amazing service. They never collected my details, so I never heard anything after I worked with them, which is probably bad. So that's what we're working on right now. That's what we're working on. Yeah, exactly. So Helen has had many, many, many happy customers. You can also see here lots of testimonials on Google. So lots of 5-star reviews, so they're incredible. And what we're trying to do right now is, is build a database so that, that this business has even more value. So there's people in the ecosystem—

Speaker B: build a database, that's what it is.

Speaker A: Exactly.

Speaker B: Oh, I think I've lost you again.

Speaker A: I wonder if— is it my internet? Am I breaking up a bit? No? Okay, maybe it's Helen's. So that's better news. Yeah, I can see Helen's, uh, face frozen. I hope she can hear us because you're clear to me. Okay, great. I think we need to wait maybe for Helen because she's got a bunch of questions about how to build her database. So let's see if she comes back in. And if not, I will just answer the questions and then she'll get the recording, but it'd be better if she was here. For once, it's not me up here in Byron Bay. It's the Northern Beaches.

Speaker C: I'm, I'm curious, I wonder, you know, when she did all those, took all those orders, does she have phone numbers of those people that she could send an SMS to, to ask for the email to, to go on their mailing list?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's a great idea.

Speaker C: She'd have to have a phone number for sure. I hate those numbers. Yeah, yeah, I hate those SMS messages, but you know, it's a great marketing tool.

Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, yeah, she does have the phone numbers, so absolutely, that's a good idea. So let's see coming back.

Speaker C: Good job though, because she's got a big business.

Speaker A: Yeah, but you can use automated services to send one message to, you know, thousands of people.

Speaker C: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: So the AI, yes, Brendan is right. AI is very, very, very important. And we are, we do have the AI Bunch kicking off next week. Helen, can you hear me? I might just dig in. I can see Helen is here, but maybe she can hear us, maybe not. So what, what Helen is asking, this is for you all to also contribute. So she said, hey, can the group from personal experience or from your experience share or recommend top platforms for capturing email addresses? So basically database systems. What are some of your, who is using what here? If you want to quickly share it and I'll share the top ones that we normally recommend. Who is using a database system here? That they maybe like or hate.

Speaker C: I've used Mailchimp before, but not very effectively. And recently I've signed up with Klaviyo because it's supposed to be the bee's knees. I don't know for sure, but then it cost me a lot of money to get 5 flows done for, you know, those, what are they called?

Speaker A: Automations.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Email automations.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: What does 5 flows mean?

Speaker C: What does that mean? They set up like these, let's say you go to my site and you go to buy something and then you get to the path the end target and you didn't like the price or something distracted you and you went off, then the flow will send you a message as a, to retarget you and say, oh, you left something in your cart.

Speaker B: Oh, I see.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Well, there might be one you didn't buy. Why not? Can we offer you a special or, yeah. Yeah. So there's kind of 5 basic flows. Don't ask me what they are, but they're there.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Curious. Yeah. You don't, you don't need them for your business, Helen?

Speaker B: No, not e-commerce.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. They're like cart abandonment, browse abandonment. However, you do need a database system, 100%. I agree. Klaviyo, you don't need that for e-commerce. It's perfect for e-commerce. Mailchimp is one that some people use. Emma, Lynette, what do you guys use? The one that we use is called Ontraport. So I've opened some here for you to look at. Just so you really, you just need to pick one and stick with it. They all are annoying in the beginning to set up, but they all save you a ton of time. We use this one here, Ontraport. The cheapest version is probably Mailchimp. However, do look into the pricing because sometimes, because you already have quite a substantial amount of people, so you just need to check what's the limit, because usually this is the cheapest version for a very tiny database. You already have thousands of numbers, I believe. Check that. The other one that is quite popular and sort of similar level, maybe slightly cheaper, then Ontraport is ActiveCampaign.

Speaker C: What about HubSpot?

Speaker A: HubSpot is too expensive and too intensive for what Helen needs. So you really need to, you just need a basic system that, and Salesforce is way too big, too complicated, too expensive. So I would probably check ActiveCampaign and Ontraport. Let's see what someone else is using. Brandon uses HubSpot, but HubSpot is just really, really for someone like with your business, too big. You don't need that. So I would say ActiveCampaign or, or Ontraport. Look at those options. Perfect. Good. With Ontraport, we do have a referral partnership, so I'll send you that link later, and then you can have 2 hours with a consultant.

Speaker C: It's Ontraport like Klaviyo? Is it an email marketing?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's similar but not for e-commerce. You're better off with Klaviyo. So e-commerce, I have Klaviyo for Ocean Lovers because it's e-commerce. And then we have Ontraport for Basic Bananas. And we have everything with, with Ontraport. You can do all sorts of, all our landing pages now are also made in Ontraport. So it's, it's a very easy system and you can do SMS marketing, all that. Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh, so you can do SMS marketing on it. Yeah. Can I, can I, sorry, I know I digress on this. I, I was talking to someone who's starting to look after my social media and we're talking about newsletters and who they can go out. To, um, opt in, opt out. And we will, because I get spammed by a lot of people. Um, you know, you've met them once, you're on their newsletter. What is the legality of, of that? Something someone said to— she said to me something random about if you're doing it through another platform or MailChimp or something like that, as long as you've got the opt out button, is that correct?

Speaker A: Yeah, all these systems. So, Ontraport, I just sent you the referral link also. Yeah, Paul, Ontraport definitely could also work for your work on the lowest, on the cheapest level, which is $24 a month, $24 US a month, I think is the lowest level. Yes, and that's why we want to use a system like that because they all have unsubscribe at the bottom.

Speaker B: Yeah, so that makes it legal to spam.

Speaker A: Yeah, it makes it legal as long as you don't just take people's details without them knowing and sending them stuff. Yeah. So as long as you say, hey, we're gonna send, add you to our news. Yeah. And if you don't want to receive them, there's an unsubscribe on every email.

Speaker B: Perfect. Okay. That's the way to go in, go in saying it's really positive and you can get out if you don't want it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yep. That's how I would approach it. Okay. Good. Yeah. Yeah. That's how, let me just answer your questions. Um, so that's the first question is which system to use. And I do want to give you a heads up in the beginning for us non-techies. Painful to set up. You're gonna, yeah, you're gonna have a bit of a shit time. Ask Lynette or anyone else here in the beginning. Yeah, it's a pain in the bum. I, I'm not that techie. I'm not patient, all that. But once it's set up, we actually, who was that? There was one of our members. I'm trying to find the name. He was like, oh my God. Oh, it was Gavin. Kevin from Newcastle who has a carpet cleaning business, he's like, I hate this. He uses Ontraport. I hate it. It's la la la la. And now he's like, oh my God, I'm so glad you pushed me to do this. Now it's saving me time. Everything is automated. So, so you will, you're going to go through a bit of a valley of despair and then you're going to come out the other end.

Speaker B: I just feel if I give like everything else techie, I give to somebody else, then I'll never understand it myself. I can hand it over to someone once I understand understand it. Yes. But I feel like I hand over all my techie things to techie people and then here I am 30 years later going, what do those numbers mean? Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then what you need to do is exactly, yeah, Brendan is giving you a laugh too. And then once it's set up, you will then ask a techie person to give you, to help you put an opt-in box on your website. Yes. So, so Ontraport will give you a code and then you ask a techie person, you say, and we can we can give you some contacts for techie people that are not that expensive that we also use. And you can then say, hey, one guy that we use is called Hamad. Can you please, I got Ontraport, can you please put an opt-in box on my website? And it will go automatically into your Ontraport. And then automatically they will get an email saying, hey, thank you so much for joining our forum. Here is something really cool that we've put together for you. Yeah. So it's all them in there. And then when at some stage when you sell, you can tell your buyer, hey, I've got 30,000 people in my database. Yeah, that's it. Okay, cool. Because every time you have a campaign, you have 30,000 people there ready to hopefully, you know, buy something.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can I interrupt? Yep, yep. Is, is Ontraport a mail, a mail system like Klaviyo?

Speaker A: And yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: So would I be better off, is it a customer relationship management system as well?

Speaker A: It's exactly like Klaviyo, except it's not so good for e-commerce. So for e-commerce, I would use Klaviyo. So Klaviyo is per— you're using the right system for your business.

Speaker C: So why use Ontraport then?

Speaker A: Because Helen doesn't run an e-commerce business.

Speaker B: I'm not e-commerce.

Speaker A: For Basic Bananas, we don't use Klaviyo because we're not an e-commerce business. For Ocean Lovers, we use Klaviyo because it's an e-commerce business. So it really depends on the business. So for you, perfect. For Helen, I wouldn't use Klaviyo unless you run an e-commerce business. Your next question is, I'm starting to create a library of blogs, newsletters. How long should the blog be? How do I then publish it in the newsletter? So for, for your blog length, I usually aim for 400 or 500 words. Okay. But the thing is this, this is not really the right answer. The right answer would be as long as it's valuable, you know, if it's valuable. Like Sarah Wilson, the one that we talked about earlier with Paul, her, her articles are probably like 1,000 words, but they're good. I can actually read them. And then some are only 200 words because that's all she had to say.

Speaker B: So, well, I was probably more just asking a personal opinion. When do you fall asleep during a blog?

Speaker A: I think when it gets boring, that's when it gets boring.

Speaker B: Yeah. But how do I know if I'm interesting? I don't know.

Speaker D: You know?

Speaker A: Yeah. Well, I read some— one of our interns wrote an article for us the other day and I fell asleep after the second sentence. Yeah. And then, and then one of my other team wrote one and I read the whole thing and I didn't fall asleep. So I think maybe just trust that you would want to read what you're writing.

Speaker B: Yeah, I hope so. I hope so. It's a lot of tips and tricks of what to do.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think you'll be fine. I wouldn't, I wouldn't overthink it. And if one is only 100 words or 200 words, that's also cool. Yeah, and then what do you do in your newsletter through Ontraport? So once you've got Ontraport set up, what you then will do is you will write an email in Ontraport and you will, you will have segments of lists. So you'll have one list which is all of your database. You can then write an email and send it to all those, whatever, let's say 10,000 people, 5,000 people, and you will write an email, say, hey, Franziska, you know, it's Helen here. I just wrote an article on blah. Here is the link.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then that would go to my website, the blog on my website.

Speaker A: Yeah. Then we can drive traffic. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. And would you expect the newsletter to be bigger than the blog or?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: I would. Oh no, sorry. I would say.

Speaker B: Other way around.

Speaker A: Yeah. The blog is longer than newsletter usually.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. You can see I'm a real rookie with this. So yeah.

Speaker A: No, but there's no, there's no right or wrong on this. I think the only right thing is value. Yeah, I'll be providing that.

Speaker B: My boyfriend, GPT, and I write 4 blogs on the weekend, so we're starting.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Charlie and I are like, every day we're like talking big time.

Speaker C: Yeah. If you have a WooCommerce store though, and you, you get one of those programs called Yoast, or there's another one that I use, I can't remember it. They, when you write the article and put it onto the website, it tells you, it grades your article according to stats that they have, like SEO and all kinds of things. It'll tell you whether it's hit a high rank or it's underneath that rank, if that makes sense. And it'll give you pointers of what to fix and stuff like that to make it good. But that's if you've got a website that, you know, that you're going to be— where are you posting your articles to? Where do they go?

Speaker A: Is your website WordPress?

Speaker B: I think so.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah, it looks pretty WordPressy.

Speaker B: I'm not sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, I reckon it could be WordPress. WordPress is a good platform, but you can ask—

Speaker C: a really easy one, really easy one to add to your WooCommerce.

Speaker B: What was that one, Vicki?

Speaker C: Why, why EOST? Why EOST? I can't remember the one I use. Some other guy put it on and it's much more complex and I don't get as good ratings because you have to really do an impressive— you've got to get over 80% on this new one that I've got to be considered a good article. It's But Yoast is really simple to follow.

Speaker A: Yeah, All in One SEO and Yoast are the two that we usually recommend. Thanks, Emma. Yeah, they're just plugins for your WordPress website. Again, I'm not the techie guy, so I would, I would go to my techie guy and say, hey, can you please add, and I'm sure it's easy, or ask Charlie ChatGPT.

Speaker B: So in all honesty, everybody, I'm understanding 1 in 3 words right now, but I'm writing them all down. Learn research.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't get too overwhelmed about this. I think the most important thing right now is get a database system and that's already going to be overwhelming and all the rest.

Speaker B: Yes, but I want to have the database. I don't want to just get a database. I want to create the database and what do I offer them, which leads to the third question, I guess.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Hey, Brendan, I agree. First step to learning is knowing what you don't know. Well done, Helen. Yes.

Speaker C: Can I add something quickly there? You wrote those 3 articles, Helen. Yep. One thing about ChatGPT that you've gotta change in those articles that everybody looks out for now, cuz I'm on some other platform, these long dashes. If you've got long dashes—

Speaker B: Yep. No, already, already watched the thing about how to get AI to speak like you do and all that sort of stuff. And then my boyfriend ChatGPT put me onto another site which helps you actually write blogs that are, I don't know, something or other, whatever the word is that is SEO. It's got SEO to it. Yeah. So yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: After watching Kevin's AI, I, I'm, I think I'm getting it and I think it's starting to sound more and more like me actually, the more I use it.

Speaker A: Well done. Absolutely.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Well done. Yeah. Now your last question is the trickiest one and the really good question is how do we get people? So in your shop, you get all these people walking in, And so the question is, how do we entice them to leave their, to give you their details? How do we get them to say, yep, hey, Francisca, you know, like, I'd love to give you my email and my phone number. So the question is, what would make me want to give you my details? Yes. Yeah. And you said you had some good questions, answers, and maybe other people have some more suggestions too. Giveaways could be one. What do you, what would you do as a giveaway? Do you have, you don't really sell products though, do you? It would be more like discounts and things, right?

Speaker B: Oh no, no, I could, I, I would probably do a discount as the, you know, like let's say, you know, a great one, you know, I don't know, $300 off framing or something, $500 off something or other, maybe do it as a monthly giveaway. I'm so, my question is just because I've put this out there to my friends of what would you Most likely. I know it's not— I understand, Vicki, but your products are $40. Mine are $2,000, $3,000. So yeah, okay, got you. But I will look at the maths. Um, my question was, and I put it out to my friends, is would you give me your details for a discount, like 10% off your first order? Would you give me a discount for all the valuable information I know? And because I see people do this all the time, you know, for tips tricks and all this sort of stuff, sign up to my newsletter. Would you do that? Um, I really didn't want to go down the discount route because I want to, with the good data storage, I wanted to save that VIP feeling for my actual VIP customers. I have customers who have been coming back to me for 30 years, you know, for what I do. I've done a few rotations of their houses and I move on to the next one. Um, and I'd like to be able to offer them a discount that is distinctly different to this one. So I thought maybe a monthly giveaway or something when you go on my, you know, for the new people of that month. What would incite Vicki, Paul, Emma, Lynette, Brendan? What would incite you to give me your information?

Speaker A: Yeah. And I quickly had the nursery. So one of our members, Brooke, who runs, who is in the Genius Fund, she runs a nursery. Plant nursery in Newcastle, and she has a thing. I think I mentioned to you, she has a QR code in the store. Now, hers is quite easy because she has all sorts of products, and there will always be products she can't move. So she will have a product she can't move that is a giveaway. Yeah, I don't know that as a customer. So there will be a QR code saying, hey, this month we're giving away this, this pot with this plant, which is worth $300.

Speaker B: Yeah, and you can, you know, I could do that, like with a mirror or something, pick from a mirror on the showroom floor or something up to the value of this.

Speaker A: Or maybe something that you have in your showroom that you haven't been able to sell, but I don't know that obviously, but it might be a mirror that has been there for like a year or two years.

Speaker B: Absolutely, that's what they're going to get. But yeah, yeah, okay, so would I particular item insight somebody? Yeah, okay, all right, could be an idea.

Speaker A: Because then you could also use that on social media, you know, you could have a picture of that product, like the mirror, that is how much would it cost at retail if I bought it? Like, what's a mirror?

Speaker B: I don't know, anywhere between $300 and $1,500. My mirrors are—

Speaker A: yeah. So, so let's say if there was like a $500 mirror that is there at the, you know, at the checkout, and there's the QR code, say, hey, you can win this mirror. It's usually $500. This, it's a giveaway. And then when I— if I win it, and then you take a photo with my permission to use on social media, I was like, hey, the happy winner. For this month is Francisca, and then it entices other people to go, oh cool, this is for real, you know.

Speaker B: Okay, yeah, I've got some pretty cool prints coming in too. I think they would tickle a lot of people around here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So a particular product.

Speaker C: Okay, can I ask, can I interrupt? Yeah, I've just, um, I've just recently— two stores I've just recently been to, when I went to the counter to buy my stuff, they said, um, are you a member? They all ask, are you a member? And I go, no. And they said, oh, do you want to become a member? And I thought, oh yeah, sure, why not? That's all it took. And I gave them my number and that's all it took. And then I'm in their system. I didn't have to give them anything else, but I don't, I don't know, maybe I had to give them an email address. I can't remember.

Speaker B: Now, what incited you to become the member though?

Speaker C: That's the question. Well, one was Spotlight for one thing. And I, you know, they had—

Speaker B: you get your 5% discount, don't you, with Spotlight?

Speaker C: Yep, you do get discounts. And they send you— if you've got the— on the email mailing list, they have discounts every week. There's something on special.

Speaker B: Oh, everything's discounted there.

Speaker C: There's no real— well, it's a bargain place. It's, it's great shopping. And the other place was sim— was Howard Storage, I think.

Speaker B: And was that a discount that was offered you to become—

Speaker C: no, no, I think it's loyalty discount. So after you buy so many things or buy so many times, you'll get a discount.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's it.

Speaker A: That's my question.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: I got you. That could work for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: I recently got one and, and obviously I, I'm in marketing and I, I know all the tricks and even though I do know all the tricks, I still fall for all the tricks. Like I know exactly the tricks and I fall for all, all the tricks because they are working. So I was in a candle store the other day and they had a A similar thing. They said, hey, do you want to become a member? I'm like, no, not really. And then they're like, well, but you get a $10 only. I mean, come on. They said you get a $10 voucher and I signed up because I'm like, oh, $10. That's like coffee in Byron Bay, right? I'll do that for my year. So they have me now in their, in their system. Not only that, they send emails with like, you know, little, this is on sale. This is, I've already bought something else that I don't need. Because I'm in their system.

Speaker B: Yeah, I've unsubscribed now because I know that when people purchase from me, then are they— there's— I mean, is that how I'm working? Like, is that how I'll work this? You know, like, they're now part of the newsletter, are they not?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You— I mean, you also let them know, of course. You say, hey, Francisca, do you want to be a member? Uh, maybe. Well, it's for a welcome gift. As a member, you get a $20 voucher. And then I will also let you know when we have something cool happening and some tips, then I'm going to go, oh, cool. Like I'll take the $20 for free for sure. Even though I'm just spending $1,000 on a frame.

Speaker B: That's actually good. I like the way you said that.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. So, so, so I think that's an easy one.

Speaker B: That's a very easy one.

Speaker A: Because also for you, that makes me come back to use my $20. That's what I want. Yeah. I think that's a really, really easy one. And yes, entrepreneurs are the easiest to sell. Yeah. Usually people that are good at selling are easy to sell to. Yeah, I reckon you're all easy to sell to, probably. Yeah, I think that's a good one. Helen, is there, are there any other questions that you need help with? I think that's a good start.

Speaker B: I think that's enough information for me. Yeah.

Speaker A: And then just, I think the biggest task for you and the most painful one will be the Ontraport task. Yeah. Even the $20, once you've got that set up, even you can try different things, but even the $20 voucher, let's say I'll come to you like, hey, Franziska, want to be a member? No. Hey, you got a $20 voucher?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: You say, cool, I'll get your details, and you put that into Ontraport. Ontraport will then automatically send me the voucher, so you don't have to do anything.

Speaker B: Ah, good.

Speaker A: Okay, so it's all automated then. And then when you have a newsletter, it will automatically— you can send it to everyone in your database.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, right. So I just send it out automatically to everybody who's in Xero.

Speaker A: Not— yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I will probably all the people in Xero, you put them into Ontraport, you, so you can get that.

Speaker B: That's what I'm saying. But I've, I've got a captive audience there, but as long as I've got an opt out, theoretically, I'm not doing anything illegal.

Speaker A: Well, it's borderline. So what I would do with the first email, it's borderline naughty. So what I would do with the first email to all of your Xero people, I would send an email through Ontraport and say, hey, Francisca, it's Helen here. We are just making everything better. And one of the things we're doing is we're going to share with you some of the best tips that we have and also some, some product things that are coming up. If you would like to not receive these, please let me know or hit unsubscribe on the email.

Speaker B: Okay, perfect. That's really good.

Speaker A: Thank you. So the first email is like telling me that I'm going to be spammed. So you're not spamming, but yeah. So because it is, it is a little bit of gray area.

Speaker B: That's what I wondered. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: That's really good information. I didn't know it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know how you guys know all this stuff. Like, where do you learn it?

Speaker A: Well, I think, you know, when you have been doing marketing for 20 years. Yeah, yeah, you're doing such an amazing job. I'm really, really impressed. Thank you. Awesome. Any other— well done, Helen. Let's give Helen one clap too. 1, 2, 3. And any other questions? Yeah, Vicki?

Speaker C: Just on that Ontraport, if I'm— when I finally get set up in this new house, I want to be able to display my seeds on tables and do these talks here as well. So when people come for the talks, then they hopefully will buy some seeds when they leave. Would Ontraport be useful for me in that instance where I Because I would already have their details probably because they've come to a talk or they might be a customer that's bought seeds and has come to collect, sees the seeds and wants to buy some more.

Speaker A: Yeah, you don't need two systems, Vicki. I wouldn't pay for another system because you're already paying for Klaviyo because Klaviyo does everything that Ontraport does. So you can send your, you can have all of your people that come to your talk inside Klaviyo in a list. So you can even have a list in there that says these are all the people that have come to my talk and then you can send the email through Klaviyo. It does everything that you need. That you don't need to double up with two systems.

Speaker C: Okay, got it.

Speaker A: So you've already got everything, you've already paid for Klaviyo for all the flows in there too, so it can do all the things that you need to do that Ontraport does for other businesses. So you don't need to pay for another membership and another system. Everything, all these emails can be sent in Klaviyo, including newsletters, all that too. Yeah, cool. Hey, well done. You've got 15 minutes to go and work on this. I've just messaged also Heidi quickly, Helen, because she's our onboarding person that does all of our onboarding stuff on the team. And I just asked her if we still have a contact directly. We used to have someone in Sydney that would talk to you also, that would spend 2 hours with you to help you in the beginning. I know that one girl that was here, an American girl, she was awesome. She left the company, but I'm just finding out if there's someone else that we can connect you with. Yeah, you're just on mute, but I think that was a yep, sounds good. Yeah, you're on mute, Helen. Hey, awesome, awesome work, team. Have a beautiful rest of your Tuesday. Yeah, Helen.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: And I will see you on—

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker C: I think this could be my last session, right?

Speaker A: Maybe possibly end of— yeah, you have until the end of this month, maybe.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Which is this today being the last one.

Speaker C: So I just, I just want to say thank you to everybody.

Speaker B: It's been an amazing year.

Speaker C: And Helen, you are not alone in the way you feel because there are plenty of us that have got a lot of hurdles to go through.

Speaker B: And I'm just being kind to myself and saying you know, what will be, what will be.

Speaker A: And I already feel like I've learned a lot and, and achieved a lot.

Speaker B: So just keep reminding yourself that you were in one place and you're just, you know, putting one foot in front of another.

Speaker C: So, and I'm near you too.

Speaker B: I'm on the Northern Beaches. So yeah, maybe I'll come and see me one day.

Speaker A: I will.

Speaker B: Yeah. Well, I'm an interior designer, so maybe come and see me.

Speaker A: I reckon you guys actually would be a great, great collaboration. Yeah.

Speaker B: All right, good luck everybody.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: Good luck.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker B: Good luck.

Speaker A: Hey, good to see you, and I'm sure I'll see you around on some of the other sessions too.

Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you. Bye. See ya.