Speaker A: Welcome to Advisory Board today. I will share the slides real quick. I think we, I had two questions just before the power outage, but I just saw, I think Helen, you snuck one in too, which is cool. Yeah, we can, we definitely have time for that one. So I might just share the slides here and here we go. We'll get straight into it. Tina, I got some questions from you. Some of them I think we've looked at last week, so we can just look at which ones we need to look at today. So I got one from Tina, Helen. No, but there was another one too. Wait, I thought there was one other one. Where did I put— oh, there we go. Here we go. Okay, perfect. So what I might do is I might just let Tina— if you want to— we looked at this last time already.

Speaker B: Yeah, so I had 2 there last week. We only got to one of them, and then so I reposted it and I said to Heidi, we didn't— I didn't get to the second one. So the email signature I'm still working on. So there should be a second question there, the digital marketing one. That's the one. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. Yeah, and the logo, have you looked at that last time? Yeah. Okay, cool.

Speaker B: So I'm still playing with that, so when I finalize that, I'll bring that back in.

Speaker A: But yeah, great. Yeah, do you want to share your question with the rest here, and then I'll pull up your, your website?

Speaker B: Um, yeah, I've got to try and remember my question. Hang on. Um, it was something to do—

Speaker A: or I can share it with you, but I thought— okay, better if you do.

Speaker B: Hang on, I think I've got it.

Speaker A: You want me to share it?

Speaker B: Yeah, sure.

Speaker A: So yeah, you're asking, we have no social media presence, LinkedIn, Facebook. I'm happy to wait until we reach the sections. I noticed also online marketing like SEO, Google Ads, we'll learn later. What can I do to improve our rankings? Should I be watching the SEO sessions in the portal. So a few different questions. One is, one is social media. What should I do? Should I wait? Should I start now? And the other one is, sorry, your website, I don't think is slow. I think it's just my internet is slow because I'm connected to my phone.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Oh, my normal internet is back. So let me just quickly switch here. It might be a little, I might lose you just for a second. Okay, I'm on the better— I'm on the real internet now, so I think we should be good now. So the one is the social media question, one is, one is SEO question.

Speaker B: Um, it was just more around sort of online marketing, right? So if, if I wait to sort of mid-year when I think the SEO was starting, I'm sort of, I'm worried that I've sort of wasted months where I— because I know SEO takes a long time to, to get moving. Is there something I should be doing or should I hold off?

Speaker A: For. Yeah, yeah, definitely. I was just looking at this too. So for a local business, obviously we already, we've discussed this before, Google Reviews, right? We, we had a little chat about getting more. So that's one.

Speaker B: We're working on that at the moment. So yes, that's right. We're going to hopefully get the number and that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And that up.

Speaker A: Yeah. Great. So that's, that's one thing to work on as part of your digital strategy. Then the other one is social media and SEO. So For social media, you're doing nothing at the moment?

Speaker B: Nothing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So my worry, my concern is, because I haven't fully identified how I want to go about it, I'm worried about just starting and slapping anything up there. Am I better off holding off a bit, doing it properly, and actually—

Speaker A: You got some followers here.

Speaker B: Um, what's this, Facebook? Yeah, then they're probably the followers from years ago that are probably not our real target market. They're more just I think we'll find that if once we start posting correctly, I think a lot of them, yeah, they're not our target market.

Speaker A: Yeah. Can you remind us quickly, all of us here, of your target market? Because that will then define which channel that you will use and what you'll do on them.

Speaker B: Yeah. So our target market is definitely commercial, not residential. Um, and, um, We've got to change a few things on the front there because the website designer, he keeps putting— oh, but you've got 50% of ours, um, at the moment our clients are, are residential and the other 50% are commercial. The 50% commercial that we have is actually long-term commercial people. So there's a lot of councils, a lot of aged care, a lot of supermarkets, a lot of, you know, Liquorlands, Coles, um, you know, you could— yeah, a lot of councils, a lot of a few mining companies. So it's all that commercial, industrial work, government work that we're looking for. Um, I, I really want to hit a market where I'm not competing against tenders, against our competitors and, and the market, and, and it's all, you know, price driven, you know, and you push the price down. And I don't know, I just feel that I'm a little bit confused, if I'm being honest, of our target market is definitely commercial, but I, I know that we should be streaming it down more and be more focused. I'm actually quite confused at the moment. I'm not going to lie to you, I feel really overwhelmed. I feel like there's so much going on in my head and I've got all these areas. And I— then they go, oh, but if your target market is this, this is what you should do on LinkedIn. And then I'm like— and then I'm like, but our target market's multiple things. So I don't know, I'm really confused. I really don't know where to start.

Speaker A: Francesca, let's start with the, with the easy one and just focus with— because you do have different target markets, but I understand that it's confusing and overwhelming to try and do all of these different markets. So let's just say we go down the one route until that's systemized and optimized. So the commercial— when it comes to commercial, who within those businesses that you mentioned normally would pick up the phone to book you? Is it the It's not the business owner because they're— a lot of them are— or is it the business owner, the franchisee owner?

Speaker B: To be honest, we haven't advertised in 6 years, so we haven't really grown, but we haven't got smaller either, right? So, and a lot about that was getting qualified people working for us. So the issue is, is that we couldn't grow because we didn't have to— there was no point doing marketing where we're just going to turn people away because we couldn't service the ones that we had. A lot of the people who we've had for years and years, because we've been in business 45 years this year, and, and a lot of those customers have just stayed with us. So we now want to grow because basically a lot of our profits and our overhead, we're hit hard at the moment. We're sitting in that middle part. We need to actually increase our marketing, increase, you know, we need to jump up probably by 8 staff or something. Do you know what I mean? To really start benefiting from that profit. We're just getting hit left, right and center at the moment.

Speaker A: So Yeah, you're in the Valley of Death. So back to the question, if somebody from any of the commercial companies wants to hire you, who is it? Is it the business owner or the ops manager?

Speaker B: I think it's just the— I think it's more the purchasing departments.

Speaker A: Purchasing department, but it's not a department. So what I'm trying to get to is a person, like who within the purchasing department would it be?

Speaker B: Do you know what, Francesca? This is what's really sad is that I sit in this office and I haven't got contact with these people. So I would have to go and research that. Do you know what I mean?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And I know that's not good enough, but, you know, and I am a people person, funny enough.

Speaker A: So yeah, you are.

Speaker B: I don't know why I'm not involved more. And, and I have spent a year researching myself, and I've realized I do have value, and I know what I want in life and, and all that kind of stuff now. So I've spent— I now know I want to connect more with people. So, um, and that's what I miss, that's what I crave. So yeah.

Speaker A: Yes. And you're great at people. I can tell you're a people person. So the first thing, let's just do like one. So, so there's not more overwhelm. I think the best thing to do is let's just decide to, and then Sarah, you can speak up too. Let's just decide on one market. So you want to go after more commercial gigs because they're larger gigs. Now we need to figure out, but who is the person within these organizations that we want to target? Because once we know that, and then given that Already given that we go for commercial, let's only focus on LinkedIn for now, for the next 3 months. Don't worry about Instagram, Facebook, or anything, only LinkedIn. What that means is you've already got a profile here. You now figure— yeah, you need to now figure out who is it within these organizations, and you just talk to your clients, your current clients, or your team members. Yeah, you find out who is the person within these organizations that would book you.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And then you met— you connect with them here. You then find—

Speaker B: okay, so that's my question too. So people have come to me and sort of go, they want to connect, and I've just gone, I don't know. One of them was a fellow locksmith. I don't want him snooping in on— I don't want to be a connection with him.

Speaker A: You might hire him. I, I definitely connect with marketers and like—

Speaker B: he's a business owner.

Speaker A: Yeah, but maybe you will buy him or he will buy you.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay, I suppose.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, everything— I'm not— I believe in abundance, but I connect with other agencies. I invite other agencies because either I'm going to buy them or they're going to buy me or collaboration or there's enough, you know. And if they want to really stalk you, they probably wouldn't do it like publicly and go like, I would stalk you anyway, wouldn't I? I would stalk you anyway, so you might as well make friends.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, no, I do like that approach. That is sort of more me.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah, you're, you're, and look, you got 8 connections. So what do you do is let's just do one thing. I'll give you 2 tasks from today. One is just make this, you know, spruce up, focus only on LinkedIn for now because you're going for commercial. Spruce up your, your thing here a bit to just get, get a banner created that is reflective of the new logo here and, and what you're after. Commercial, what you do. Then start connect— secondly, find out who your target audience is. It's a person, it's not a department or a company. It's a person within that company. So what title do they have?

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: For smaller local businesses, it would be the business owner.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then for the larger ones, the liquor land and stuff, it's probably, you know, as you say, I don't know, I don't actually know who, if it's the ops manager or the factory shop?

Speaker B: Yeah, it'll be the maintenance supervisors for like Coles and supermarkets and stuff. It's normally the maintenance supervisors would be the ones, and then the state manager.

Speaker A: So yeah, yeah. So find out who these people are, connect with them here on LinkedIn. Okay, start building relationships with them. That's it. Okay, your social strategy. And then your other question was for SEO.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So what we all need to start doing is what's called also GEO, generative engine optimization. And that's when you show up in the LLM. So when somebody goes into ChatGPT and says, who is the best locksmith in this area? Who can help me secure my business assets in this area? You will come up for that. So that's the second task. First task is LinkedIn. Second task is watch this masterclass here. This is inside the members community.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: There's a masterclass here with Chrissa that is really good. The second one down. How to rank on Google Search.

Speaker B: Oh, that one.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, no, I haven't watched that one. Yep. Okay.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: I'll watch that.

Speaker A: And that's the two things for now. And then all the rest, other than obviously getting the, still getting the reviews.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'll definitely concentrate on that. Now, just with the LinkedIn though, if you connect with people and you've got no posts there, doesn't that look weird?

Speaker A: No, no. Okay, no, when people connect with me, I probably— I might have accepted some earlier today, but when people connect with me, I don't even look at what they— these are all newsletter stuff, so I can ignore them, but I don't even look if they have posts on their thing. I just, I just go like, this person here, food vendor at IKEA, I don't know. I don't know. Will he be famous? I might just not do this one, but here, here, account manager. Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: I'm going to accept that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So you don't necessarily go into them.

Speaker A: I don't look at them. I literally, and I see what they do. Maybe because sometimes I know, oh, maybe I can do like a collaboration with them.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: This sounds all right. I'm going to accept that one. Not doing that. SEO manager. Oh, they're probably going to pitch me some stuff. I'm going to say no. So let you just look at this here, that the name of the title. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, that's all. And so you just go and you just go into the search bar and here you, you, you find the people that are in the job positions.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: I'll work on that. Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cool. Sarah, did you have something that you wanted to say?

Speaker E: Yes, I have two things. I was going to say the masterclasses. And you've said the one, one of the ones that I was going to recommend. The other one was older and it was, it was about Google searching and it sounded great, but I didn't pay attention because it was for local businesses in local areas and how to set yourself up. Oh, it was a fantastic masterclass. I just had wished that I was a bloody local business like that because it was so good. And I think that I watched it like early last year. I'll go through the masterclasses and remind myself because it was a good one around getting your reviews and your local business and everything to—

Speaker A: yeah, I think I found it—

Speaker E: click in nicely together.

Speaker A: I think it was with Christo too, wasn't it? Yeah, yeah, I think this is it here.

Speaker E: So yes, it was the two masterclasses that I wanted to say. And then the other comment was, um, You know, I— and I don't know if this is just for me because I know that you are a small business owner, um, but when you say commercial, um, commercial, um, customers for security, I just wonder if it would be good somewhere on your website page to have the fact that you're working with this council, Coles. Like, is it a breach of privacy to say that?

Speaker B: Oh, we have. So further down we Oh, I can't—

Speaker E: we haven't seen that. It didn't scroll down that far. Yeah, because it validates you as a small business to have these massive companies.

Speaker B: We got a few there.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker E: Okay. Yep, I see that now. They were my two points.

Speaker B: Awesome. Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah, and, and, you know, I'm with you, Sarah, because that— this— because if we want to go a bit more for commercial, this doesn't really tell me too much about This is important here.

Speaker B: I agree with you, Francesca. Honestly, this website company I'm with, oh, just, I'm ready. I've nearly finished the website and I've just got, I keep saying to him, it's not commercial enough. He just doesn't get it. It's really frustrating. So now I'm just going to let it go and I'll work on it myself. It's in, what's it called?

Speaker A: WordPress.

Speaker B: WordPress.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. And I'll work on it myself and go in and change some things. I'm assuming you guys have got a class here somewhere I can learn something about it.

Speaker A: To be honest, you know, WordPress, I mean, WordPress is easy, but we have a— I don't, I don't fiddle around myself because I don't have time, but we have a guy in Pakistan, Hamad, and I recommend him to everyone. He just charges per hour. And so you make him a whole list of things and then you say, hey, Hamad, I need the header changed, but you need to give him exactly the words. You say, I need this to say this, I need this to have less I need to have more bullet points here. So I usually just give him a list, even like little things that the other day I saw that the Google Analytics was broken with Ocean Lovers. It just wasn't connected anymore suddenly for whatever reason. I sent him a WhatsApp, hey, Ocean Lovers analytics, can you connect it again? It's probably really easy to be honest, but I don't have time. So he's like, yep, done. And then at the end of the month, he sends me a bill with, yeah, it's not much.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So that's what I would do. I wouldn't go and learn. You're already got enough to do. You're running.

Speaker B: I've got enough to do.

Speaker A: Yeah. You need to connect with people. Yeah. You need to grow the business. You don't need to do WordPress stuff.

Speaker B: Oh, okay. Good.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: Um, great. Awesome. Did anyone else want to say anything otherwise? Helen? But someone had, did someone have a question today or am I just tripping? I thought someone had a question about doing a landing page and stuff. No, like I literally read a question before the power outage about building a landing page using AI. I'm like, yeah, I've got open all these pages here. And then the power outage happened and now I can't see that question anymore. Maybe I was dreaming. So Helen, I will still show you something, but Helen, do you want to ask your question?

Speaker D: Oh, my question. Did you, did you get the copy that I sent?

Speaker A: No, did you send it just like, I can see it now, but I didn't see it before the power outage. Did you send it like recent, like in the last hour?

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Heidi.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: But that's okay. I can resend it. So look, I'm— can I just say one thing to Tina that you, you said, Tina, which was an interesting thing that I always thought was, why would I follow competition and things like that? I'm part of a business networking group.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: And we believe strongly, and it really works well in collaboration. There could be days when you need their help or there's a customer you don't want that you can flick over and they could be doing the same. You don't know. So Don't, don't, don't be suspicious of it. I think it's the way that people are working.

Speaker B: I think it was more that— I think it was more that we've been in the business so long and I've never heard this one before, so I'm like, oh, do I want to connect with someone that I don't know? Do you know what I mean? Or you never know, was—

Speaker D: yeah, they could be— he could be part of your 8 new staff that you need.

Speaker B: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I guess I was just looking for quality, not quantity. Do you know what I mean? I think that's what it was. I was, I was sort of thinking I'd rather invite quality in, you know, that's, that's probably where I was going.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So, hey, and Helen, I do actually have to find your copy in the, in the newsletter. Yeah.

Speaker D: So listen, mine's really a basic question. As you know, I've been struggling with building a CRM. It's all been built now. Yeah. I love it. It's great. I'm just starting to use it. I'm doing my first newsletter and I know people have been doing them for many years and you know how behind I am with this sort of stuff. I want to know, and I've got— I've traveled down a rabbit hole, unfortunately. What makes a good newsletter? What should be in a newsletter and what shouldn't be in a newsletter? Is, is it my— is it supposed to be breezy, you know? And I've read so many different things and I have no idea now.

Speaker A: Okay, I think the best question is, by the way, which CRM are you doing? Ontraport? Uh, no. Which, which one are you using?

Speaker D: Uh, I had a, um, a girl that I met and she's built a whole one for me. She's got Design for Success. She's really good. Now I can't even tell you what the base is because I actually don't know. So she does it and it's really good. Yeah, it is. Yeah.

Speaker A: So I guess the question is, if you got a newsletter from Helen, what— and I might just open your website too— what would you want to receive?

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. What would make you actually open it? Or, you know, So I get them all the time, and, and I'm trying to think of, you know, I see bad ones, I think good ones. What's the difference, you know?

Speaker A: Yeah, like, let's ask the audience here. Let's ask our members, like, what, what would make you want to open this and open and read a newsletter, an email from Helen? It's really, I would call it more like we're sending an email to connect with our database. What would you want to hear? And this is what— this is the late— the first one you've got here.

Speaker D: Yeah, I'll—

Speaker A: we'll just read this, but then I would love to just hear from other people because it's— there's no good or bad, that's just what you want to read.

Speaker D: What do you want to read? Do you want bargains? Do you want discounts? Or do you want to know about what I've done on the weekend? I don't know.

Speaker A: Let's read this and then let's hear from people here. What, what would you want? So, so let's hear from people. What, what would you want to read in a newsletter? I mean, this is, this is good. Is this your first one that you will send then?

Speaker D: Yeah, that's right. Now, as part, a part of my email, what I was Thank you.

Speaker A: It's been—

Speaker D: it's a really nice template that she's built, and I change the photos all the time. And it's, um, and it's got a sort of a main body to it, and she's put it with a smaller part of it. And because I have, um, 3 different specific target audience— so I have glass, I have framing— well, actually, probably more printing and installation. Okay, I thought that the second, the second part to, to would be more targeted on, on the specific people that I'm sending it to.

Speaker E: Is Is that a—

Speaker D: what, you know, so I'm sort of talking to the right audience, and then the first part is sort of a breezy part that everybody reads?

Speaker A: That's what I— yeah, I would do that. So I would definitely do like a little, a little personalized introduction and a bit more like, like how I approach these emails is a bit more like I'm sending this to a friend. Ah, okay. What, what would I— I wouldn't make it pitchy or like, you know, try and sell anything too hard in the beginning. I was like, hey, what's, what's happening? You know, I hope you're well. And probably also because you're sending it from, you know, you're kind of sending it from Helen, you know, I hope you had a beautiful break. And then just get rid of the em dashes so that it's not, you know, too chatty. Yeah, it's not too chatty.

Speaker D: Sorry, excuse me.

Speaker C: If you've got the capability in the newsletter, you can you, you can get some ideas and, and put it to them. Do a poll. What, what would you guys love to hear about from each section of the business? I'd do a poll. I'd get some ideas together. Um, yes, discounts would be good. More detail in learning, sort of some education type angle. You know, the interesting framing— I find framing really interesting.

Speaker D: Yeah, so that's to broaden that question. Would you think that this was a, an, a chance to educate? A newsletter? Is this the chance, or is that blog. I'm not quite sure.

Speaker A: Oh, you, you have the blog to educate, but then you have to share your blog article in, in here.

Speaker D: Oh, okay. All right.

Speaker A: Okay. So what you could do is, is what, you know, what Coach Claire kind of says. So a little introduction. Hey, what's up? I've been busy doing this or that. And then maybe you just have a few sections like latest products, which is the, this guy here.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you can have a few subheadings and you can make this a bit shorter, but latest products.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then education, so you call it, maybe have you got some latest stuff on the website? Like, uh, no, no, no, but let's just say you did. Let's say you have written something that is interesting.

Speaker D: Tips, there's nothing in there.

Speaker C: I don't need tips on for tips. Tips are great. Yeah, yeah, design tips, you know, cleaning. What about cleaning this stuff? Yeah, looks, how often. Um, you do lighting as well? No, sorry, just look, I can't see the— oh, mirror. Sorry, mirror, different, different qualities of mirror.

Speaker D: Yeah, so is this my platform to just do a couple of tips for January, January's tips or something like that? Is that— would that—

Speaker A: so I would probably do like, so we have the latest product, for example, is one section, design tips, and here you could just link to one of your most popular blog, such as this one here.

Speaker D: I don't even know if I've got a blog.

Speaker A: How do I have something here? Yeah.

Speaker D: Is that—

Speaker A: oh no, no.

Speaker C: And interesting things on light. I mean, light is so important in, in your industry and different, you know, that I'm, I'm a nerd. So things like the angle of the sun as the, as the seasons change, that could be a little bit of content throughout the year and how it might affect what people are looking at. Yep, reflective, non-reflective.

Speaker D: Yeah, lots of glass tips and things like that. So coming back, um, Francesca, yeah, should I have blocks? Like, what's the— what's first, the chicken or the egg? Do I have to have blocks ready for them to—

Speaker A: not blocks, just one. So, so obviously when it comes to— we spoke a little bit before about with Tina about how do we do—

Speaker D: I've got blocks ready to go, I just didn't know if they needed to be—

Speaker C: yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, if you got blogs ready to go, put them on your website. So in order to get some better SEO and SEO, we need to put content here. So if you have blogs ready, put them here and then just pick the best one and just go like, you know, this is kind of cool. And then add that one into your newsletter with the link.

Speaker C: Good.

Speaker A: And then here you might have, so latest product, design tips, you can change these sections as you want and call them something better. And then projects we're working on and maybe you have Like some approach.

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker D: So she's done a whole section, which is really nice of photos that flip by of, of projects.

Speaker A: Perfect.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you can maybe call it interesting projects we're working on.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Something like that.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker A: Um, and then you can always just at the end to have a call to action. Uh, if you have something you'd like framed or blah, blah, blah. Please pop by our showroom or give us a call on.

Speaker D: Yeah. So she's definitely got a call to action that links through to the contact page.

Speaker A: Perfect.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: That's it.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker D: Great. That's, this is what I needed.

Speaker A: Yeah. Maybe we do design tip first, just so we lead with value. Cause I would be interested, like Claire too, I would be interested in if you said, if you told me a bit about how to use mirrors better or light better or Or like, yeah, and that would be a good all-round one for everybody because I've got two different sides of the business, um, design tips, mirrors, lighting.

Speaker D: Um, sorry, I think there was one other part with this rabbit hole of writing an email. Um, quite a few of them are saying I— you need to have a, um align in it, you know, what comes up and what would come up in email, a header and preview text. Yeah, that's it. So does— do I need to have something fantastic to make people click on it, or is January's—

Speaker A: yeah, the subject line is usually what comes up. Yeah, so subject line is usually what comes up in, in the email for us, but when we receive an email, so the subject line definitely needs to be something interesting. But it could be, it could be like 2026 design tips from Helen. Okay. Do you know that you can even chuck that into ChatGPT and say, hey, I need some subject line ideas.

Speaker D: I did and I got pretty cheesy. So I was just curious.

Speaker C: Yeah. Definitely put it into a, into your AI with a good prompt. I always do my subject line and preview text and it'll come back with a couple. With different tones, and you can say, give me 5 different ones, and then it'll, it'll give you a— it'll give you lots of ideas for it, and you can pick and choose.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Perfect. Perfect.

Speaker D: Thank you, ladies. That's what I needed.

Speaker A: Keep it easy and short, and, you know, once a month send this out.

Speaker D: Yeah, that's what I thought.

Speaker A: And this won't take you long to do.

Speaker D: Yeah. And would this be the place Um, because I had— if you saw on the other page, I had a— it was just a— it was an idea of Valentine's gift idea to put in the second part of the email. That maybe, you know, uh, would that be okay to put in the second part, you know, each month and give them a, a really a direct thing? This is my idea for, you know, Valentine's is coming up, what about that, you know?

Speaker A: I think that you can just add that as another heading in here.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker A: Maybe just make it a bit shorter.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: Maybe even if you have an example, like a photo of something that has been done for Valentine's Day.

Speaker D: Yeah. I do have a photo. One of the companies that sells the frames has actually given us PDFs that we can use to promote. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. So just keep it super simple.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, and maybe a bit more playful, you know, like, are you over buying overpriced roses? And instead, would you like something more memorable? Here's an idea for you. And then maybe just say something like deadline to order is XYZ so that You know, you get the orders in now.

Speaker B: Mm-hmm.

Speaker A: You could even do a discount if you wanted to.

Speaker D: That's what I wanted.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And just put a deadline on the discount.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Discount valid for orders, um, before whatever, 30th of January.

Speaker D: Yeah. And then my next idea for the one, uh, for my next— this was just like, you know, you put that very well, saying that I haven't been in touch for ages and they're going to think I was always in touch, which is great. That's really clever. Um, but my next one was going to be talking about the new printer that I've put in and say for the first X amount of customers to celebrate our new printer, that sort of thing. So maybe something each month I could advertise like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, that's perfect.

Speaker D: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: Really, really awesome work. Um, let's see if anyone else has any questions, otherwise I will just answer the imaginary question that I had somewhere.

Speaker C: Um, Francesca, just one thing about blogs. I mean, are— I know they're needed for authority, but is there a move away from blogs now, or are they just changing into much shorter form? I've been advised to do like an authority page, like a resources page. I mean, it's a different industry, it's adult swim coaching.

Speaker A: Yeah, but I didn't know whether to reinstate my blog or, or leave it off and do this authority page That's got, yeah, it's, it's the, so the bottom line is for, to, in order to be found and for Google and the LLMs to, to show you, we need content and whether that's content on a blog and you call it a blog or you call it an authority page, it's all that matters is that we have content. So you're, somebody told you it's called authority page, which means resources. It's kind of the same.

Speaker C: Okay. I might go down that pathway for now and, and, and see how that does. I've been working. A lot. I've done my own SEO over the last 6 weeks since we've had our first Clever Bunch. I was determined to go in and learn a lot more about how to do it with the help of AI. And then, yeah, and then work on my Google Business Profile. So the backend stuff in my website was an absolute train smash, like all the meta stuff and the slugs and the descriptions. Oh my God.

Speaker A: Oh yeah.

Speaker C: So I feel, yeah, it's been, it's a huge job and I just wanted to learn and do it myself and it's made me feel a lot more confident about going in and tweaking things now, even down to graphics and all of the correct descriptions and alt text and all that, that helps SEO.

Speaker A: It's not that hard. So there are 3 things for SEO. I'll put it in the chat quickly. It's not that hard and you're doing all the things. One is the foundational foundational tech setup, which is what you're talking about here, is the, when you have a WordPress website or whatever, Wix, they come with these SEO plugins where you actually do the, as he said, you name the images right, you have the meta tags, all this blah. That's the foundational stuff. The second one, the second thing we need for SEO is we need content. Whether that is an authority page or a blog page doesn't matter. We just need content. So let's say even for our, for our podcast, Google can't obviously do the audio. So we have to do the transcripts to have content for that, for example. But we also have blogs. The team publish blogs all day long, not all day long, but every week. I don't read them, but I probably should. The last thing, the third thing is backlinks.

Speaker C: Ah, yeah. And I'm working on that at the moment. I've got some, I've got I have been scanned. There's a scan that's been done and I've got bad backlinks to get rid of. Um, but the backlinks are pretty good. So the content and authority is next on my list to, to get, to get done.

Speaker A: We're working with, um, with an agency that we've been working with for like 10 years or so. They've just built this tool. It's got a shitty name. We're helping them change the branding. It's called Backlink Prospector, but the whole tool, what it does is it helps you to get backlinks. And we are just working with them right now, literally every week to help it make it better tool. And then we probably get free access to it for you guys, or, or at least it will be super low cost. We are using it for free at the moment because we're helping them. But once that's ready in the next few weeks, we'll share it here too. And that will then show you how to get backlinks, which websites you can connect with to get backlinks, all that stuff.

Speaker C: Cool. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Um, Amelia, do you think blogs are important if your target market won't necessarily read it? Yes. I run a clothing business for young women and feel blogs are unpopular. Yeah, I'd never read a single blog in my life. It's not true. I hardly read blogs. I actually read more like LinkedIn articles. That also helps, by the way, LinkedIn articles helps with showing up in LLMs. So if you do articles on your blog, if you have LinkedIn, you might as well also put them on your LinkedIn.

Speaker B: Sorry, can I just jump in? You keep going LLM and LLM and what is that?

Speaker A: ChatGPT. Large language model. ChatGPT, Gemini. So any AI machines, the foundational AI machines, they're like search engines. They just go all over the— they have access to every article, every study, everything that is published, and they will get the information from that and then give you the answer. So they will go and look at the— let's say if somebody asks, what is the best security company in Fremantle? They will then— the ChatGPT will go find, oh, there's an article here, somebody mentioned you on LinkedIn, somebody else mentioned you on this blog, and then it will, with enough of these information from you and other people, you will then show up.

Speaker B: Yeah, so then it's also really important what words you use and, you know, in your content and in your blogs and in your, you know, it's all such a strategic thing, I'm sure. It's not just a blog. Yeah.

Speaker A: And here's the thing. I had a really good chat this morning with someone that I interviewed, a friend of mine. He's in Canada. He runs a specialized agency specializing in SEO and GEO. And I had an interview with him today on the podcast, which we'll publish soon. And the main thing, it's actually quite cool because I said, you know, there's always these SEO companies that try to gamify and hack the system and it works for a few months and then it doesn't work again when they do the tricky You know, the strategies that are not really strategies. And he said, it really comes down to one thing. He said, do cool shit, do something cool, and then talk about it. So do something impressive. Like something impressive is we work with Liqui Moly. We've worked with 20 different Liqui Moly shops. That's impressive. Great. Now talk about it. As in talk about it on your blog, on LinkedIn, blah, blah, blah. Coach Claire, Do cool shit. Let's say she's come up with a new swimming methodology or something. The way she teaches is unique. She does that. So do cool shit. And then, sorry for the word, but that's basically what he said. And then talk about it, share it on your blog, on your LinkedIn, and then do something else that is cool that makes you stand out. So that's, that's the good news is that there are actually, you know, there are these weird strategies that some people try and pitch you. They use, they use them and they work for a few minutes and then they're not going to work anymore. The thing that has always worked for the last 20 years is that just do something really cool, tell the truth about it and go promote it and then do something else that is really cool, promote it. And the more you have that information out there, honest information, the more you will be found. So that's the summary. Yeah. Any other questions? Otherwise I'll give you quickly two tools just because I thought I had a question that I clearly did don't. I don't know if someone, Heidi on my team, maybe made it disappear, but I thought there was a question about building a website and la la. I don't build websites. I don't, I'm not techie also. Well, I should stop saying that because then that becomes true, right? I can use AI. I know which tools to use and I'm good at strategy. I don't have the patience enough to go and figure out all the techie bits that a nerd, I am a nerd, but just different kind of nerd, but the nerdy nerds, the IT nerds that will figure out all the little tiny bits and I hire them to figure them out. However, I've started building an app for one of our businesses, Ocean Lovers, and it's been really easy. And the two tools, and you can do it, so somebody who asked about the landing page, I believe the two tools that I would use is this tool here. And I've just got the free plan at the moment, Manus. It's like ChatGPT, but a bit Smarter. So this tool I will use to help me come up with a prompt that I will then use in this other tool here, Lovable. Has anyone used Lovable? Lovable is an AI that helps you, and most of you don't even worry about anything that I share right now. Focus on what we've done before. But if you want to play with AI a bit more, Lovable is a tool that helps you build anything, apps, landing pages, any, any techie thing you need for your business, it will probably build it for you. So we're building an app in here at the moment. We're also building a, like a marketing audit tool and I'm using Lovable. I'm using this first to help me come up with a prompt that I will put in Lovable. So I will go in here and I say, hey, I'd like to build a landing page for my swimming coaching business. Target market is young adults. I've got a really special way of teaching, like whatever I make it, I give it as much detail as I can. I will build the page in Lovable, which is this tool here. Can you please help me come up with a With a prompt, ask me as many clarifying questions as you need. And then it will just keep talking to me about it. It will ask me questions. It will say, hey, what about the color scheme? Have you got a logo? Hopefully it will ask me those questions. It will ask me, okay, what about the text? You need help with the text. And then I will just chat forth and back with all these. Yeah, it's what's the name of the business? What's your special way? What's the primary goal? What specific sections do you want included? Anything else? So I will now answer all these questions. Then it will ask me more clarifying questions until it has all the information it needs to then give me a prompt, which I then copy paste into Lovable. I'm not logged in at the moment. I couldn't, um, somehow it didn't work before when I wanted to log in. But then I would copy paste that into Lovable. Sorry, do you have a paid subscription to Lovable? I don't, but you need one if you want to publish stuff. Right. But to play with it, you don't need it. But then to actually publish stuff, to put it on the internet, you do need to have a paid subscription. And you're using Manus, Manus, is that called the other one? And that's to kind of clarify, as you said, all those prompts, because I know Lovable only gives me so many questions a day, right? Yeah, and Lovable is not really the tool. Lovable is more the building kind of tool. Okay. You build stuff, but Manus is the one that gives you the prompts to then put into Lovable.

Speaker D: Okay, that's good.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, cool. Because I've used Lovable and it stops me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's not the, it's, it's Lovable just builds stuff with the right prompts. This here is just another, it's kind of like a ChatGPT, but way better. More strategic when it comes to coming up with really good prompts. Right. But most of you here, this is just a bonus quick thing that I wanted to share. Most of you don't worry about this stuff yet. Right now, I think you have other things to focus on, but anyone who wants to play a little bit with more AI fun projects, like I always have some little fun things because it's just fun to test different things and we have to get good at these things too. We teach all this in the AI Bunch too with Kevin, which is starting next week. Claire, you've already done it and you get to go through it again. Yeah, it's starting next. Yeah, if anyone wants to do the AI Bunch, that's starting next Thursday, Thursday the 5th of February, which is 12 weeks with, with Kevin. Really useful.

Speaker B: Is that separate to the—

Speaker A: Yeah, it is separate. We do have a members rate. I think the members, it's normally, I'll put the link in there. I just need to get a code if anyone wants to join. It's normally $2970, I think, and members get it for $970, $970 for 12 weeks. It is worth it. I said, I get all my team to attend. I even attend some of the later. It goes from like more like foundational stuff to like really advanced stuff. And Kevin always, he's like literally doing AI all day long. I even, sometimes join some of the sessions just to get another—

Speaker B: do we do some AI through the Thursday programs?

Speaker A: Yeah, in a, in a clever bunch, we, we use some AI for some of the strategies, and then this is full-on AI.

Speaker B: Oh, gotcha. Okay.

Speaker A: Um, that's the, that's the link I need to see.

Speaker B: Is that normally recorded, so therefore if you want to do the 12 weeks later, you can?

Speaker A: Or— yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's recorded.

Speaker B: Because I just think that's too much for me right now. That's very overwhelming, like I've got, like you said, lots of other things to worry about first.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, the whole thing is recorded and you can watch any sessions for as long as you want. If anyone wants access, just send me a quick message. I need to give you a code because I just realized the one code that we had for members is not working anymore. So I just need to give you a new code and then you get it for $997. I think you get $2,000 off. Yeah, just send me a quick email and I'll get Heidi to make us a new one. Melinda, okay, Melinda, I'll get— actually, if you want to let me know in here, I'll get Heidi to send you the code. Melinda and Helen.

Speaker C: Great.

Speaker A: Perfect. Jessica, will that be run again at some point? Or like, like I said, I would love to do it, but I'm sort of swamped with what I'm trying to do already. Yeah, yeah. It's probably better for me to really focus on what I'm working on now? Yeah. Yeah. It will definitely be run again. Yeah. It will definitely run again. And the people that are in it now, they get access to all the reruns also. So yeah. Yeah. It will, we will, I reckon we will be running this for a very long time because there's so much and it keeps updating and new things. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: So the other option is to join up now and get what we could out of it. And then you still get the next one again. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. 100%. I can get the code sent to you too. Perfect. That's it. Really awesome seeing you all. And I will see you, some of you on Thursday. Yeah, on Thursday we have session 2 and some of you on Friday with Christo doing SEO. So Thursday and Friday. Awesome. Good to see you all. Have a beautiful afternoon.

Speaker B: See you then. See you everyone.

Speaker A: Yeah, good to see y'all. Bye.