Speaker A: These sessions, we call them advisory board. This is where you will get the most out of the more you participate. So the more you participate, the more you ask questions, the more you implement, the more you will make progress, the more fun it will be. Because when you make progress, it's kind of fun when you see that things are happening for you because you're taking action. That's where the good stuff is. So how we run these sessions is it's called advisory for a reason. We call it advisory board because we are all here to support each other. Now, you, I, I don't think everyone here watched module 1, but that might be an assumption. Maybe I should assume that everyone watched it. Maybe we just go like this. Who? Who's watched? Put your hand up if you've watched at least one video. At least one. Yeah. Everyone keep your hand up. Keep your hand up. And if you've watched all of them, keep your hand up. There's 5, I think. Oh, quite a lot of people. Okay. Excellent.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: Hey, everyone watched at least one, which is already really good. That's good. Good stat. And some already finished it. Awesome. Joanna, I think that is a message. She's already finished it. Great. Awesome. That's really cool to hear. So what I'd like to do now today is first of all, just check in quickly. And what I'll start with is, do you have any questions? And I'll show you quickly my screen. So we'll start off with checking in on, do you have any questions on this? So we've done your overarching strategy. The ecosystem, purpose and values for those that have watched everything, target audiences, and then matching numbers. So my first question is, do you have any questions on any of this? Do you need help with anything? Do you need a brainstorm? And then secondly, what I'd like to do once we've looked at any questions, any examples you'd like to share. Secondly, I'd like to do a quick brainstorm on the magic numbers because People often struggle with this, but once you get the ball rolling on this, you won't look back. So today I had an advisory session with Clever Bunch members, so businesses from all around the, the world, all around Australia today. And some of them have been with us for quite a while and I still had to walk them through this again. And then the ones that have started using this. They can really see that things are improving because they're measuring. And once you start measuring things, you can see it's either going really well or it's flat, a flat line, or it's not going so well. So I'd really love for you to understand how to use these. And so today I'm going to do a little brainstorm with one of you or a few of you on this. So any questions, any, any thoughts, any questions? Who has a purpose statement that they would like to share? Yeah, just come off mute if you want to share it, Joanna.

Speaker C: Sorry, that particular spreadsheet I couldn't type. Apparently I had to have permission.

Speaker A: Could anyone else type? Yeah, you all could. I think it's— so the ones here that have the lock on it, see the ones that have the lock, those you can't type. These are locked. The ones that are not locked here, you should be able to type.

Speaker C: Yeah, mine was locked and it's— and it stated, um, please ask for permission, and I press the button and nothing happened. That's all right.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll just share the link again here. I'll share it in here. Maybe— see, are you on a computer or on an iPad or iPhone?

Speaker C: Unfortunately, I just finished work and I'm driving home.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay. Well, if you can message, if you haven't gotten access by, you know, tomorrow, if you just message Heidi and just say, hey, help, I can't access it, she can help you. Has anyone else got issues accessing the template? No, all good. Okay, great. Great. So anyone wants to— does anyone have any questions or does anyone want to share purpose statement? For example, let's start there. And purpose statement is— will also— the purpose statement is quite important because it will give you your foundation when it comes to having great messaging in your marketing. So let's see if anyone has any questions and also who wants to share purpose statement. I might even pick people because you might be a little shy.

Speaker C: I have a purpose statement. As soon as I park the car, I'll read it out because I've written it down.

Speaker A: Yeah, also, you know what, I might just pick on a little bit of everyone so that everyone can share a little bit. Ashley, I think you want to come. Yes.

Speaker D: Okay, so I'll just bring it up. Sorry, flicking between screens. Um, so I have here, um, The Derm Clinic will be positioned as a luxury aesthetic clinic that bridges the gap between clinical expertise and luxury skin health. Core values are driven by the following principles: medical expertise, luxury experience, and results-driven care.

Speaker A: Yeah. So purpose statement. Can you say the purpose again?

Speaker D: I'm sorry. A luxury aesthetic clinic that bridges the gap between clinical expertise and luxury skin health.

Speaker A: That bridges the gap between luxury— did you say luxury?

Speaker D: Um, clinical expertise and luxury skin health.

Speaker A: Okay, now what we need to do— can you please— I'm on ChatGPT— can you please make this purpose statement a lot more outcome-driven? And add emotion. So at the moment, it's quite a— if I read this as a potential client, it doesn't make me feel anything. Like, well, like, what about the gap between Clinica Xpress and Flakshi Skin House? I don't know. So we need to come up with— and it's a good foundation to work from. And now we need to make it more emotional. More, so more emotive, more outcome-driven. What exactly does that mean for me? So I just asked ChatGPT, I just said to ChatGPT, hey, I've got this, I said I've got a company called Derm Clinic, I've got a purpose statement which needs help, and then I added yours. Can you make it more emotive, more outcome-driven? And, and then now, because it's your business, you'll have to now have a chat with ChatGPT, forth and back. So ChatGPT said, we exist to help our clients feel deeply confident in their own skin by combining advanced clinical expertise with the experience of luxury skincare. Already better. It's a bit generic. It's a bit generic because I didn't give it enough information, but it's already better. So what ChatGPT did, and I've trained it on different things to notice. It's given me the outcome first, which is missing in your one at the moment. So it's given me the outcome, which I'm not saying it's the right one for you, but the outcome it says is our clients feel deeply confident— confidence. And then by— so how do we do it? What you said, by combining advanced clinical expertise. So you could say by bridging the gap between clinical expertise and luxury skin health.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Makes sense.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So we just need to add a bit more of a first bit. Why do I want to come there? What's exactly that? What do I get? What am I going to get? Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: So, so you could, you could have a little brainstorm with ChatGPT, force and back and say, you can say, no, it's not confidence for me. I could be confident for some people, but for you, it's, I don't think it's confidence. My clients, The feedback that my clients give me is that they blah, you know, whatever it is, they feel comfortable or they feel like they're living their best lives or whatever. They're doing everything they can to feel amazing. So you just feed it some of your own feedback that you get, thoughts, etc.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: Makes sense. Yes. Once you have this core, it will just be so much easier to be known for something. It's like there was one fresh member. She has a really cool niche. Her niche, we talked about it last time, I think. Her niche is the sort of older-ish demographic, and her thing is all about aging gracefully. And I think it's even the name is something vintage, vintage something. And so her demographic is— who is your demographic? Talking about target audiences.

Speaker F: I got both. Very broad.

Speaker D: I was like both, both women and men aged 20 to 50 seeking skin assessments, treatment for specific skin concerns, skincare education and aesthetic treatments.

Speaker A: Great. Yeah, that is a niche. That is, that is, that's— it's not— I don't think it's too broad.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because when you do niches, how you can do niches is you can either do it by demographics. So you say, you know, women that have more disposable income, aged between 40 and 60, that's demographic. Or you can do it by psychographics. So the problems, challenges that they have, in your case, skin conditions, for example. So you can either do a niche by the challenges that you solve, the problems that you solve, or by demographics, or you can overlap them. So you can say, like, you know, women aged between this certain age, women or men that also have skin challenges, skin conditions, or whatever. Okay, cool.

Speaker G: Thank you.

Speaker A: Um, Steve, have you got something? Oh, you're on mute. You're on mute.

Speaker H: No, sorry, I haven't got, I struggle with that side of things. So I've actually just been taking notes as you've just been discussing that now because I really, I'm not clear on that myself, to be honest.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a tough one. Who is your demo? Do you know your demographic?

Speaker H: My demographic would be sort of the 25 to 55-year-old and like where we are, it's a diverse client base. So, so they're either, you know, renters or they're, they're homeowners. So it's sort of quite a broad demographic.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker H: So it's pretty hard to target a specific, I guess, financial base as well. So, so it's sort of, it's, it's very diverse where we are.

Speaker A: And, and that's okay. And what, what do they normally, what's the feedback that they say when they walk out or why do they come?

Speaker H: Good question. Um, so you're laughing over there. I think we just give great service, you know. I think we're friendly. We're, we're, we're a, we're a small little team. We, we love what we do and we just, we just, I think clients just feel that that's the difference between the larger chain type clinics, you know. They just feel they're given personal care and attendance and, and And obviously the treatments and the results are sort of given, but where we're different, I think we just give that bit of extra attention to the client.

Speaker A: Yeah, everyone says that, but Leah, did you want to share something on top of what Steve— we're not finished with you yet, Steve. Can you hear me? Yes, we can. Oh, I'm so sorry, I just finished work. Oh, okay, no worries. Well, I'll just pop you on mute quickly. Um, why do you think your daughter wanted to get into this business? What, what was her— other than making money? There's Leah. Sexy with your hood. What a legend.

Speaker G: What was the, what was the question again?

Speaker A: I'm just workshopping Steve's, but it's good for everyone else to figure out how we're going to workshop this We're working on the purpose statement. So what's the reason for doing this that we can then publicize, that we can communicate across different channels? Why do you think your daughter got into this, Steve, other than making money?

Speaker G: Other than making money? Oh my God. I would love to do this kind of work. Um, I haven't been done, haven't been doing this for, I'm only doing this for a year now. And every time I see my clients in my room. I just love it and the clients loving it as well, the way I treated them and also the treatment that I do actually works. And it's really nice to see the client coming back and, you know, happy with the results. And I think that's, that's— I really want to be in this industry.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'll come back to you, Lea. Steve?

Speaker H: You asked me why my daughter wanted to get into the business.

Speaker A: Yeah, because she is the reason you're in this.

Speaker H: Initially, yes.

Speaker A: Predicament, right?

Speaker H: Yeah, but she's no longer with me.

Speaker A: I know, I know, but it's still why you started this business.

Speaker H: Yeah, I mean, obviously I went into the business to support my daughter. So that was—

Speaker A: why did she go? Why did she go?

Speaker H: She's gone out on her own, so she's doing her own thing now, but she didn't want to. She's just contracting, so she's renting a room, contracting. She didn't want to be— she realized she didn't like the management side of business.

Speaker A: No, I understand, but she would've been motivated by something to get into it.

Speaker H: Yeah, she would, she, she obviously she was motivated. You know, she, for her, it's about, about, you know, like the, the care, the duty, you know, like caring for people, you know, assisting, helping people. That's, that's what I mean. Obviously every nurse goes down this path for that reason, you know. So for me, the difficulty is where do you break the financial side of a business to the, to, to the personal side, you know. So I'm more a business owner, so it's a little bit more separated, I think, to, to, on, on that side. And that's why I do struggle now with this question.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Because when it comes to purpose, there's, there's definitely, you can have an internal purpose and that can be monetary. That can be, I wanna, you know, I wanna turn over this much money. I wanna have this much profitability and, you know, I wanna, I wanna make this impact. That's internal. We don't publicize that. External. There's, there's gotta be a reason bigger than us why we're doing this. And, and I'm just gonna, it, what the information you've given me is very, um, nonspecific. Yeah. But I'm still gonna, I've just given it to ChatGPT and I'm just gonna say, I'm struggling with my purpose statement. Can you please help? And I've just given it the information you've given me, demographic 25-55, diverse. Small team, friendly, personal care, extra attention to the team, helping people, etc. It's not— it's a bit generic, so it's not that much that it can work with. But hey, but it's not that bad. So the purpose that it gave me, one, one of them is— and I'll pop them in the chat for you— at Greyville Clinic, our purpose is to make every person feel seen supported. And then it's used the same as for Ashley and confident in their skin. But even just make every person— our purpose is to make every person feel seen.

Speaker H: Yeah, it's pretty good.

Speaker A: That's pretty freaking good. Just that first part. Because that you can really then, you know, in your marketing messaging, that's what you can highlight. Anytime you do a campaign, it's about that. It's about helping people feel seen, like women, you know, some and We talked a bit in the audience, in the video that you watched or didn't watch, that we want to get into more of their emotional triggers. So, and some of those are unspoken. For example, for women, one of the motivators for us to go get a treatment is because we want to be seen by our partners. For example, that could be a motivation. We want our partner to say, hey, you look amazing. So it'd be— that's not— it's actually pretty good. Another one it gave us is, at Gravel Clinic, we exist to elevate skin health with a human touch. I like the first one.

Speaker E: Yep.

Speaker A: Another one it gave is here, our purpose is simple, to care for people, but that's a bit, bit floppy.

Speaker H: Yeah, it's a bit too vague.

Speaker A: So I, I reckon this is the this is a good one, you know, if we had to whip it up without much information, it's a good one to own. And then what do we do with these purpose statements? We put them everywhere. We put them on the website. This can be even, you know, part of your tagline when you do a marketing campaign, you talk about it. This is your focal point. Does that make sense, Steve?

Speaker H: Yeah, it's good.

Speaker A: It's not easy, but ChatGPT makes it easier.

Speaker H: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: You know, in the past we would spend sometimes a whole workshop to help people do this. Now it's just taken 5 minutes.

Speaker H: Now that's a good start.

Speaker A: It's a good start. Yeah. Is anyone struggling? Is anyone struggling with this?

Speaker B: I raise my hand.

Speaker A: Lillian, go for it.

Speaker B: I, I think I'm struggling. Um, I keep saying to myself I don't like to be a jack of all trades, but somehow I feel like I'm getting into that loophole. My primary interest is same as everybody else, um, providing the duty of care and help everyone to restore the useful version of themselves. That is my primary interest. However, I feel that the— from business stability-wise, we would— we're pretty good with PRP hair growth, but that target drifted away from where I was. My primary interest, which is between 30 to 50-year-old male. So the demographic is totally different, but from business perspective, this, this side, the hair growth, um, is much easier with the cash flow and safer and more rewarding, uh, with the result. So I don't know how to— it is a great niche, right?

Speaker A: But it's amazing.

Speaker B: At the same time, I'm not not, not eliminating the traditional cosmetic injectables for female. Overall, combining together, where is my niche? This is where my question is. I became a jack of all trades, which was the first thing I remind of myself. I don't want to be a jack of all trades.

Speaker A: You know, you have two niches. You have two niches.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, so you know the checkerboard threads, if, but however, you do have two niches. However, if you, if you enjoy the hair growth 30 to 50-year-old male niche, that one can, that one can explode.

Speaker B: I know the area where I'm hiring, there was a clinic and I only found out recently because they were always overbooked and never, people could never get in. But now recently they closed it because they couldn't find staff members. The overhead is very low and the risk is very low and the demand is high. So all the colleagues are listening now, I'm sure, pretty much very sure they all know what I'm talking about. Yeah, so cash flow-wise, as a new business, I feel I feel more comfortable, more certain my bread and butter, my rent is going to be covered. Yeah, then you'll have your, um, your skin restorative part, which is a little bit more demanding in terms of driving new clients because they all try to compare. Who are you and what's your price? Why are you here? Why am I coming to you? And so for females, we are willing to spend the money until we're convinced. So a little bit more demanding. So I feel a little bit more risky just doing what I'm good at doing clinically, but marketing-wise, I feel the hair growth is a lot— gives me a lot more success to build the business at the beginning.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So yeah, to combine together, I did think, do I start two separate Instagrams and two business names, but location. Otherwise people think I am a Jack of all trades. I want to express that specialty for hair growth, for example.

Speaker A: Well, you could— I probably wouldn't maintain two Instagrams because naturally maybe the universe will push you into one direction rather than the other. But what you can do on your Instagram is— what's your business name again?

Speaker B: Skin Theory Cosmetics. I'm literally just starting. Nothing is in solid form yet. The trading name Skin Fairy.

Speaker A: Oh, nice. Yeah.

Speaker B: Cosmetics.

Speaker A: Yeah. So, so you could just on your Instagram, for example, on the Skin Fairy Cosmetics, you could just say specializing in hair, hair loss or hair growth. Hair growth. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Hair growth.

Speaker A: Specializing in hair growth.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And also if you wanted to also specializing in Um, what would you call the other one without using the word?

Speaker B: I think, you know, very much prioritize on, um, restoring natural beauty. Um, my purpose statement, I just briefly formed one last time: we value natural beauty. Our aim is to achieve a better version of yourself than the one— than yesterday. Not completed, but We value natural beauty. Our aim is to achieve a better version of yourself than yesterday. It's not to put someone else's, uh, lips on, on you, for example. It's to enhance yourself, the younger, youthful version of yourself.

Speaker A: Yeah, I guess it goes a little bit against, let's say, if you specialize in hair growth It, if I come in for hair growth, that's not really natural.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's where my clash was.

Speaker A: I don't think it quite works, um, because naturally I'm bald, but I'm gonna not be natural. Like, I'm gonna, I want everything to not be natural because naturally I'm bald.

Speaker B: Oh yeah, no, this statement, it was more for beauty.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But if it was—

Speaker A: I just found one here with ChatGPT, a quick brainstorm here, and this could work for both niches. We're here to help you take back what time tried to take away.

Speaker B: I love that one. Yes.

Speaker A: I put it in the chat. It's very clever and I've never heard it before.

Speaker B: Oh, I love falling in love with ChatGPT now.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. You got to use it. I use it every day. Like it's incredible, but it only works if you give it the right information. With ChatGPT, it's about having conversations and the, if we give it bad info, crappy information, not enough information, it will do a bad job. It's very generic. ChatGPT gives you very generic stuff, but But then if you dig deeper and you say, hey, this is very generic, can you give me something more unconventional? Or, hey, everyone says that, everyone says confidence in skin, give me something else. It will come up with, with more. But I think because I've given it some more information about hair growth and I said not too fluffy. Yes.

Speaker B: Oh my God, I love this one. This is a perfect combination for covers both but not too fluffy. Quite, quite profound, really. Thank you so much.

Speaker A: And also it goes with your name, you know, Fairy. Yes, the magic Fairy. The Fairy can give you— can transform time, like time. Fairy. Yeah, Fairy as theoretical skin fairy, like the fairy, like in a fairy tale, or no?

Speaker B: No, uh, cosmetics. I just typed in the chat.

Speaker A: Oh, theory. I can't even say it myself.

Speaker B: Skin theory.

Speaker A: Skin theory. Okay, I thought it was fairy, but because I can't say theory, I need to change that here because I've written it down. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, that helped. Yeah, thank you so much. I'll give my time to somebody else.

Speaker A: Yeah, awesome. What I'd like to do is anyone else wants to do a quick brainstorm and then I'm going to go through the magic numbers.

Speaker E: Do you mind? Because I just— yeah, just sort of quickly. I know we— So my sort of movement or whatever is to really empower women to live on their own terms, you know, um, own who they are and love their own beauty. And, um, you know, not, not really apologize for who they are and like everyone else, not want to change them. Anyway, I wrote to empower women to embrace their strength, build lasting confidence, and create life on their own terms. I don't know if it really relates to.

Speaker A: I quite like it. Embrace their own strengths.

Speaker E: Yeah, to empower women to embrace their own strength, build lasting confidence— like, it's not a quick fix— and create life on their own terms. And my target market, it's sort of, you know, anything 35, 40 and up, people often that already had their kids, maybe coming back to the workforce. You know, their bodies is not really what they were when they were 18, 20. Some of them, you know, like sort of, you know, getting back to the workforce after 10 years and then lost that oomph and sort of start doubting themselves. And why am I too fluffy?

Speaker A: I'm just— I actually, I just, I just put it into ChatGPT. I said, hey, I got this so far. Can you please revisit it, make it a bit shorter, a bit more snappy? Yeah, I quite like, I quite like this one here. Yeah, I quite like this one here. I probably wouldn't, I would, I would get rid of on their terms. I just feel like it's a bit of an overused word, like on your terms. It's like on your terms. Well, of course it's on my terms, you know, but everyone uses it. I think everyone uses it, but we empower women to own their beauty, their strength, and their story. I quite like that.

Speaker E: That's good. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Cause it's, it's a bit different. And, and because you also, you shared last time, I think you, you said you were a cancer, you had cancer, right? And then you changed your story, you know, you overcame that and you own your story. You told yourself a different story. Oh no.

Speaker E: Yeah. I was wrongly diagnosed with it. I never had it. They gave me the wrong diagnosis.

Speaker A: Oh, they gave you the wrong diagnosis. Yeah. Even that is a story, right?

Speaker E: As, as we do. So yeah. Um, We empower women to tell their beauty, their strength, and their story on their terms. Yeah. Yeah, it was a bit long, the other one I had.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then you could, you could use words like, you know, for like taglines and things like that. You could do something like unapologetic, unfilled. That's a bit your vibe. You know, those, I'm actually writing a book right now with all the uns, you know, unstoppable. Maybe it's why it's come up with this.

Speaker H: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know, unapologetic, unbreakable, untamed. And it's a bit your vibe too, that I think.

Speaker E: So because I feel that women often come in and start making excuses, especially making excuses to like, I don't do like, I do a lot of skin as well. So it's sort of a holistic environment, but they often come in and make excuses to why they are there. They can't really, oh, you know, I can't really maybe justify to spend that money, blah, blah. But then they go home and, you know, redo the kitchen for 50 grand. It's Yeah, they are. And I cannot apologize for spending money on myself and, you know, putting myself under the dog and be happy with who I am. And then, yeah, so I like that.

Speaker A: Yeah, I quite like it. I quite like it. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker E: Yeah, I can't go on.

Speaker A: Thank you. You're so welcome. This is really good so far. Like, the hit rate is really good. Now the question then is What do we do with this? Once you've got this and, and even if you've got something that you're kind of happy, but maybe not 100% happy with it, but it's 90% there, it's good enough. You can always revisit it along the way. I've changed ours so many times. I'm never 100% in love with it. It doesn't matter. The most important thing is that you have something that you believe in that you can share with people. And then where do you put it? I've already mentioned before, but I want to just make sure you guys got it.

Speaker E: Website, social media, everywhere, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah, you put it on your website in the about page. So where you have your about page, you put it there. You say, our purpose here at ABC, or our mission here is to empower women to own their beauty, their strengths, and their story. Unapologetic, unfiltered, unstoppable.

Speaker E: Yeah, I like the unfiltered. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And unapologetic, maybe unstoppable could be a different word, but just ask ChatGPT and say, hey, I want 3 unwords. I like unapologetic, unfiltered, and one other thing.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Unapologetic. It's just, yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you put that, you put that on the about page. So here our mission is to blah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: You also, when you do campaigns, so when you, you know, when you do, and we're going to go through a bunch of campaigns, I might share my screen now. As we're building out the marketing ecosystem here, when you do any campaign, whether it's a direct mail campaign, a referral system, or any social media, you will reinforce that. You will, you will reinforce that here at, at the Gravel Clinic. Our purpose is for people to feel seen. And you just put it there. So, so you can be remembered for something. And also for you, it will make marketing a lot more exciting than what the conventional stuff that everyone talks about. Cool. Yeah. Any questions on this? Oh, good. So the next thing that I'd like to do is I've popped, I'm going to just pop the link again. So there's this, this link here. And you can find it also if you just go to Basic Bananas, the marketing ecosystem, it will redirect. I'll pop it in again. If you just take this link, you know, over the next few days or so, we're going to keep adding on to this, this framework here. This is a, this is a living, a living document for you. So you all will have your own. I think you just need to go File, Make a Copy. To have your own sheet or download it as an Excel sheet so that you can work on your own. And then the first thing you do is add your purpose statement here. So I'll go here and I'll add my purpose statement. Oh, it's not letting me. It's not letting me. I wonder if I need to make a copy. That's why maybe make a copy. Fresh example. And I'm just going to put it into a different folder. Let's put it in here for now. Maybe that was why we couldn't edit it. I think somebody asked before. Let's see if I can do it now. Oh, yeah, yeah. I think you couldn't edit it because you need to make a copy. First. That's why. So now I have my own copy. So what I do next is now I put my purpose statement in there. You put your values here. If you only do one of these two, if you don't have time for both, do the purpose statement. But it's nice to also have values, guiding principles. And then add your target audience in here. So women, whatever, so 35 and up, higher, high income earners, whatever you know about them. And then you know what they love, they love to blah, blah, blah. So you, so you add your purpose statement, values, and target audience. Then as we work through the next weeks together. And as you go through the modules, we're going to keep adding campaigns here. So we're going to— there will be a week where we're going to say, let's do some social media ads, for example, Instagram. We can add that in here. So what you can do, for some of you that are already running campaigns and some of you that already have marketing in place, You can already add in what you've already got. So some of you might already have a referral system. Maybe you have one, maybe you don't have one, maybe you don't have a good one. Maybe you already have a partnership. Maybe you already are doing organic social media stuff. Just add anything you've already got in here. Cool. And then as we go through the weeks, we can keep adding to this stuff. You can ignore what's written in here. This was just an example for other people. Does that make sense so far? Yeah. So all you need to do for next week is just add only, only look at the traffic column, ignore everything else other than your top bit here, purpose statement, values, audience, and then just add some of the things that you're already doing. If you're doing nothing, then leave it empty. Now comes the more tricky part that people struggle a little bit with, but not you guys because you're smart. You know, see, the locked one is just an example. So the locked one you can't edit because this is just an example of— if this could be any kind of business, this is not yours, this is an example of any kind of business that has everything mapped out. That's not you yet. Then you go to magic numbers. And here again, I need to actually just clean these out. This is just an example of, of one of the masterclasses. In here, you're going to start measuring some metrics, not too much. But for example, you might, if you have a website, you might measure your website traffic because you want to slowly start to see what's working. Are you getting traffic? If so, how much traffic? And you might, so the measurable you would add, this is a quarterly measurable. So what's your quarterly or weekly measurable? I might say I'd like, let's do for traffic, I might do weekly. I want 100 visitors per week. That might be my target. You know, when you first fill this in, and I had this today in a class, when you first fill this in, you kind of make it up because you don't know yet. So you kind of make these numbers up because you're not—

Speaker I: Sorry to interrupt. We were just having this chat today and we're going through it all and we're like, yep. We're like, how do you know? Is there a report somewhere? Does your booking system do it? Is there like a Google Analytics that tells you your website traffic? We just honestly didn't know.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's a, that's another point. Um, So generally you make up the target, but you don't make up the actual number. So it's the actual number. Yes. Google Analytics. Google Analytics. Yeah. It's a free thing. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker I: Cause it's something we haven't really touched on. Not really. Even little things like trying to work out, cause I was looking at the traffic then to the conversion, but I'm like, how do you actually measure that? That.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker I: Is that something we'll learn in the future?

Speaker A: We will learn more, but I will answer the question. So the website traffic, you do have to have Google Analytics. It's a free tool to, and if you don't know, I'm not very techie either. I always just hire a techie person to install this thing for me, but you probably can just ask ChatGPT.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker E: So Google Analytics, it just doesn't work because it asks you to connect with something. Try to connect it and I don't know, it doesn't work.

Speaker A: Well, I do have, I have a guy, I have a Pakistani guy that I use for all things techie. His name is Hamad. I can send his details in the chat. The most, and he, he, I literally just send him a message, say, hey, set up please my Google Analytics for this website. And he will do it. The thing with him is he, he, he usually, he negotiates. So you actually, you need to negotiate because he might say, yep, cool, I'll do it for you. I'll do it for $50. I say, how about $20? And he always will, you can literally just halve his quote. Don't tell him that I told you that. Usually whatever he tells you, I would just halve it. And he's on WhatsApp, so I'm going to pop his details into the chat here. And if you're unsure whether you're overpaying, maybe send a quick message in our WhatsApp and say, hey, I've asked the developer, he's a web developer, but he's got a whole tech team. In Pakistan and just say, hey, I've asked Hamad to install Google Analytics. He told me it's $100. Is that good? And I will say, no, it needs to be $50. And you go back and you say, hey, you can even blame it on me because he knows that I keep an eye on his quotes. You can say, no, it needs to be $50. But I literally, rather than spending your time trying to figure out tech, Just, just get someone like this to help you with tech stuff. Even when we do Meta ads, he'll be the guy that can help you install the pixels on your website.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: If you're not that techie. I'm not techie. I'm not, I have team that can do it. I'm not gonna waste 3 hours trying to, to do it. I'll pay him 1 hour and he's like $20, $30 US an hour, I think.

Speaker E: That's good.

Speaker A: So, so yes, so you need to have Google Analytics installed on your website and then you can look at it every week. You sit down and you look at your traffic and you go, you have to adjust the dates here to obviously then now we have this, this week is the 26th of May and then you add the next week's and then I might say, cool, my traffic this week is 74 people went to my website, then maybe next week it's 86. Then suddenly it's 20. So then I'm suddenly going like, oh, why is this? Why am I going down? So I'm not freaking out just yet, but if it's always down, then I need to look at what's the problem. But that's why this number here is a little bit random in the beginning. You make it up because you don't know yet the trends that you have. Then here, you don't— if you want to keep it super simple, you don't need to use this traffic light system here to not make it too hard on you. But if you do want to use this traffic light system, I can show you how it works. I might say, and again, I'm making this up for now because I don't know my traffic yet. Let's say I might say anywhere between, you know, 20 and 50 visitors per week is not very good. Anywhere from 51 to 200, I'm happy with that. So then what happens is that here, if I say my traffic is 27 people, it will go red because it's in the red. But then the next week, if my traffic is 200, it will go green. Makes sense? You don't have to be that fancy with it. You can ignore the traffic light system if you want, but it just so you know how it works, the traffic light system. Cool.

Speaker E: So what is an average? Sure. I guess it's different also where you live.

Speaker A: Yeah, there's no, there's no average because for most of you, you're a small local business. You don't need it. You know, more traffic doesn't mean better business because if you have the wrong traffic and Google Analytics will tell you that too. If you have, if you look at your Google Analytics and you have a lot of visitors from say Anja, are you in Melbourne?

Speaker E: Wollongong.

Speaker A: Oh, Wollongong. Yeah. Let's say you have a lot of visitors from Perth. That's not going to help you. So you need people from— and the number, the only number that I care about is that it's going up and that it has the right kind of visitors. Yeah. And then we would also look at— so that's the one I think. Ebony maybe asked a little bit about number of leads. I would definitely track that. So basically what that means is how many inquiries are we getting? So how many inquiries are we getting per week, for example? And then Alicia, I'll come to you. So how many, how many inquiries are we getting per week at the moment? I would definitely measure that. And I might say, like, I probably speak to about 20 people a week. Then I also would like to know number of conversions. That what that means is basically out of the 20 people, how many people book in. So let's say out of the 20 people, 10 people book in. That means I have a 50% conversion rate. But then slowly, because now we look at these numbers slowly, I will go, wait a second, what can I do to get that to 60%? 'Cause that's already gonna grow my business without any extra marketing spend. So what can I do to push this up? You will suddenly look at how to get more out of what you've got, which is the secret of making a fuck ton of money, is to squeeze everything out of what you've already got without spending more money. I would also look at the average sale. So what, how much does a customer, a client spend usually? And everyone has different numbers, but if you just look at the week in general, you say, hey, I had 10 clients and I made $10,000. The average spend is $1,000 that week. So what is the average spend? And then how can I push that up? And then of course I would also look at weekly, weekly total revenue as a, as a thing to look at. Alicia, did you have your hand up?

Speaker F: I was just gonna say with analytics and stuff, so I don't know how to check my website. I have it through Shopify, but I'm sure if I went in the back of it, I could probably see it. But I found just Google, having my business, my Google Business homepage, it literally does everything for me. It even like sends me an email. It tells me what words people are looking for in the area, whether it's say Botox Tooralgan or just Haven Botox or whatever. And I've got a lot of stuff like helpful things just from that, and that's free. Um, as well as reviews. So yeah, I just wanted to share that.

Speaker I: We've just checked our Google box and yeah, we've actually found we've been getting one every month for 3 years now that we've, we've filed to action. Like Alicia said, it actually says what people are Googling when they're looking for you, how many percentage. Wow.

Speaker F: Yeah, I think going through your Google, like literally follow it step by step, click on every single tab Fill it out, put pictures in your Google. I do updates on it, like we have a new treatment and it's just all free. I get so much traffic from Google.

Speaker I: Yeah, have you used the Google, I think it's like the Google Business Ads. I think we keep saying we've got free credit or something.

Speaker F: Yeah, so I did go through it. It ends up like, I think they give you like 600 or 1,200 free credit. It does end up costing more, like quite a bit more than that. So I haven't used it. I normally just do either my Instagram or my Facebook, but yeah, I find just even updating it, putting new pictures, it kind of like feeds it through to local people. So as long as you keep it active and exciting and put in what you actually do, you should get quite a bit of traffic from it.

Speaker A: That's a great tip.

Speaker F: Thanks.

Speaker I: Yeah, we set our website up 3 years ago and kind of just left it there, and this has been churning in the background. So yeah, we could definitely focus point.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can just look at that once, you know, once a week, look at the Google My Business. Does it also give you the amount of traffic?

Speaker I: Yeah, says how many people are Googling us compared to how many people are going over onto the website, um, what people are like, like Lesha said, what they're actually Googling to find you in the first place. We just did a quick, um, percentage. So the impressions we're getting on the web is 9,360, but of those, only 100 per month 173 people are clicking, so that works out to be about 1.86%. So yeah, you know, that's definitely something to work on, like make people click it rather than just see it. Yeah, yeah, that was really good. Yeah, thank you, Junk Box.

Speaker A: It's really good. It's definitely something, and now that you have the awareness, hopefully you're going to look at it. And then the other thing that, that I'd like you to start thinking about is Where are your leads coming from? And sometimes it's a very simple question that you just ask your, your clients when they walk in.

Speaker E: How does Shopify work for a service-based business? Like, it's—

Speaker A: should they have Shopify or—

Speaker F: sorry, did you want me to answer that? Yeah, because I originally did Shopify because I found it really easy to do myself.

Speaker A: Myself.

Speaker F: Um, it was very— it's actually got a bit trickier now, but it's still not too bad. But just to click photos and make it pretty and add your colors and everything in. And I originally just have like candles and stuff on it because I, I don't have skincare or anything. Um, so it started off with just some, some random stuff, but I find it really easy. And I can still put like, um, profiles of all the, the nurses. And, um, yeah, even like I put like our new location and put pretty pictures and stuff up there.

Speaker E: Being found. And, oh, just someone told me that if you have service-based, you shouldn't go with Shopify in terms for, for the SEO.

Speaker F: Or yeah, I read that about something else as well. I haven't really had any issues with it, um, as far as that. But, um, yeah, I think if you Google differences there, I've seen that as well. I think there was the difference between, um, Wix and this and, and that. Um, I just know that the Canva website apparently wasn't very good for for traffic and SEO.

Speaker E: Do you know, Francesca, what website would you recommend?

Speaker A: Because we, so we use both. So for one of our product businesses, Ocean Lovers, we use Shopify and, and it's really easy to maintain. It gives you all the data. And then for the other ones, the service-based businesses, we do usually use WordPress, but I kind of agree with Alicia. I don't think SEO will, as long as you publish content on your Shopify website, I think it still is great. It is built— Shopify is a bit built more for e-commerce, but you probably could use it. I'm not sure if Alicia uses it like that, but you probably could have your treatments on there as a product. Yeah, you know, you can buy, you can buy, and you can buy your, your, let's say, your, your injectable session or your skin needling or whatever on the website. The easy thing with it is that it's so quickly connected to your bank account. It gives you the ability to take credit cards online. So it's, it's really good shopping tool, I guess. So you probably— Alicia, do you have your pro— your services on there as a product?

Speaker F: Um, I don't. I actually just have lots of the book now or book in with this nurse, um, and I've linked it back to Timely. Um, but yeah, you definitely could do that with it. It's very easy to, to do it that way. I've just found it easier with Timely.

Speaker A: Yeah, maybe, maybe have a little Google search on or do a little ChatGPT comparison. What's better for your business? Shopify is definitely a platform that is here to stay. They're getting a lot of investments. They're always, they're always developing more templates and making it better and better and better. And they have lots of—

Speaker E: it was just more whether it would work against you being service-based in terms of, say, I don't know anything.

Speaker A: I don't see, I don't think so. I haven't, I haven't heard that. As long as you publish content on it. Yeah, but it could be a question again to ask ChatGPT, say, hey, am I getting punished for having a Shopify website? I don't think so.

Speaker E: No.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: So probably I would say, so then when it comes to leads, you might say, let's see, so number of leads we have here, number of leads, 20. And then I would also add number of leads, for example, from whatever campaign that you're doing. Let's say if you're doing a Meta campaign, how many leads are you getting from Meta? So that you know, because eventually you want to know what's working and what's not working. Makes sense. So I'd like you to start using this this sheet here. For anyone who couldn't edit it, it looks like it's because you need to make a copy first. So you need to go to File, make a copy, or download it, and then you can edit the bits here that are editable. So for, for this week, next week, we only need to start with the traffic column here and start measuring some magic numbers. And the best thing to do with the magic numbers is, you know, it depends if you are a startup and you only work in the business one day a week, a monthly metric is good. You might want to look at it once a month. If you work in your business full-time every day and you're cranking, I would look at it weekly. And the best thing to do is just put yourself in for a meeting with yourself. If you, some of you who have a team, you might want to involve a leadership team member and say, hey, every Monday at 4 o'clock, we're going to look at our numbers. You know, for the sisters here, for example, they might have a quick metrics meeting every Monday, for example. That's what we do. We have a leadership meeting every Monday, 2 o'clock, and we look at our matching numbers every single Monday.

Speaker G: Yes.

Speaker A: Cool. Any questions? All good. The most important thing now is that you start using this because once you start using it, it will hopefully become second nature. And it's like, like with anything in business, the things that you measure and you focus on are usually the things that grow. If you, if you measure your revenue, it will grow because you have a focus on it. If you measure your profit, your profitability, it will hopefully get more profitable because you will suddenly think about ways to be more profitable. Possible. So what usually, what do you measure? What do you focus on? Growth. Alicia, in reality, how many hours should be spent per week for marketing a small business? Alicia, where's Alicia on the screen? Alicia, you're pretty, you're pretty established with your business, right? You've been around for a while.

Speaker F: Yeah, because I'm stepping back, so I'm not going to be on the floor for a little while. And so my main my role in the business is going to be all of this. But I'm, I've never had like a schedule. I haven't had a work schedule other than I'm on the floor and I just, you know, go where the clients need me. But with this, I don't know how much time I should be dedicating to it. I'm kind of in maintenance mode, but I don't know whether I still need more or if I could be you know, doing better, I kind of need someone to maybe, you know, pick it apart a little bit and say, so yeah, I guess my question is, how do I get someone to do that? Or who would do something like that? And is it more so just, you know, don't fix it if it isn't broken? Or am I just maintaining it, doing it a couple of hours a week? Or yeah, I'm just not really sure.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think I think throughout this program, you are kind of looking at each component and fixing some parts that may be not broken, but that can maybe be done better. So I think you're naturally, as we go through everything, and next week is about your brand strategy, you're going to look at that, you're going to go, how can we do that better? You know, how can we position ourselves better? How can we improve our messaging? How can we become clearer? That it might not be completely broken because it's, you know, you do have a successful, two successful businesses, but maybe it can be done better. Now, that's the first thing. The second thing is how much time. It really depends a bit on your capacity and the stage of the business. And a startup business usually needs a bit more time to get off the ground because also the owner usually has a little bit more time because they don't have that many clients yet. And usually there are two types of marketing strategies. There's the one that we can use money for, and that doesn't take that much time. It just takes money. And there's the ones that are more time intensive, but they're free or low cost. In a, in a business without much money in the beginning, you usually spend more time to get clients in to, to start making money. And then once you make money, you take that money and you put it into marketing and you will grow faster. You're at a stage where you already have clients, so you have a little bit of budget to put into the faster, you know, strategies. So for you, you know, you might say you'll do 3 hours of marketing per week focused.

Speaker F: And we'll find out more about, um, you know, say where we should be putting money in and all of that as we go.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're going to go through all the paid strategies too. Yeah. Cool. Any last questions? All good. Next week we're gonna look at— I'm just looking at the— let me show you here. So next week, so try and implement as much as you can from this week. Again, you will have access to this content for a long time. For as long as you want. So, and you can't cram everything in. If you can implement what you can here, and then next week, and then start watching this. And next week, we're going to look at a bit more at your brand strategy and also the customer journey. So if you can then watch this and then we'll meet again next week, exactly at the same time. I think everyone voted for, for this time. People were voting for this time slot, I think. 7 o'clock Sydney time. Cool. Let's finish with one quick word. Everyone just quickly come off mute. One word quickly. How are you feeling? Just one emotion. And I'll start with Ashley and then Amy and then Steve. Overwhelmed. Overwhelmed. Amy and then Steve and then Joanne.

Speaker B: I'm excited.

Speaker A: Thank you, Steve. And then Joan, and then Anya.

Speaker H: I'd be confused as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, Joanna, and then Anya. No, um, yeah, overwhelmed. Yeah, Anya, Alicia, and Ebony.

Speaker E: Say, I feel Overwhelmed today. I do. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Thank you. Say again.

Speaker E: I said I've just come home from a Turkish bath. We went for a spa.

Speaker A: That sounds relaxing. You should feel relaxing and now maybe a bit overwhelmed. I relaxed, overwhelmed.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Alicia and then Ebony.

Speaker F: I'd say motivated.

Speaker A: Thank you, Ebony. She's there like, oh, that was our word.

Speaker I: That was our word.

Speaker A: You guys are such a power team, power sisters. Great. And drinking wine, I love it. Styling it. Lilian. Oh, Lilian is on mute. And then Leah after Lilian. Lilian, do you want to— oh, Leah, Leah, go, and then Lilian.

Speaker G: I'm excited but overwhelmed.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm feeling pumped.

Speaker A: Pumped. Thank you. Fan Fang is Priscilla, isn't it?

Speaker C: Yes, I think I need to change the name.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker C: Oh well, I am excited.

Speaker A: Great. Awesome. Okay, really good. I'm super pumped too. That was my word for tonight, pumped. And also empathetic because it's completely normal to feel overwhelmed. There's so much. There's so much. It's completely normal to feel overwhelmed. Feel overwhelmed. It's good. It's better than overwhelmed. Don't worry about it. Feel a little bit overwhelmed. And, you know, the best way I think to overcome overwhelm is to just take the next step. Just take one small action. Don't worry about feeling overwhelmed. Feel overwhelmed. It's normal. Don't think, don't even think it's not normal. It's completely normal. And lean into it and just take one step. And don't worry if you can't do everything, even if you can't do anything, it's still better to show up than to just put the head in the sand. And we're going to work through this one by one. The thing that is overwhelming sometimes is that, oh my God, how do I do this again? And this magic number and why do I need to measure this? 'Cause especially for, you know, you, some of you, most of you other than Steve, you come from a nursing background. You're like, I didn't have to do this shit as a nurse. Now you do, 'cause you're a business owner. So let's do it. Cool.

Speaker E: Awesome. Can we, can we say we've got the number from you?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Say to Hamad, he's in Pakistan. He's always super responsive. He's about 4 hours behind us, I think. Just say, hey, I got your number from Francisca. She asked me to message you about on WhatsApp about helping me with this and this and this. How much? He'll tell you what is the website, what are the logins. You can trust him with the logins. If you ask him for like website logins, he's never fucked anyone over. He's pretty safe. And he, I've given him access to my Facebook logins, LinkedIn logins, anything because I needed him to fix things that I didn't know how to fix. And then he, you will say, hey, how much is it? And he will give you a quote. You usually can half that. Or I, at least I usually negotiate with him. I usually even ask ChatGPT, say, how long does it take to set up a Google My Business account? He'll say probably half an hour or an hour. I'm like, cool, that's about that much.

Speaker G: Can I ask what that for and what company or the contact details Or, sorry, Francesca.

Speaker A: Oh, just some people are asking about some tech help, you know, like how to connect Google Analytics or how to set up, you know, Google My Business or how to connect the website to something. Or we're also gonna— and this is where the overwhelm is gonna kick in even harder— how do we do a lead magnet? The thing is that you don't need to know how to do the tech, you only need to know what it is, and then you get somebody like Hammad He's just a contact that I've been working with for about 10 years, but he has gotten more expensive than when I first started meeting him, but he's built most of our websites and now I just message him when I have a tech thing or my team works with him to solve it.

Speaker G: Can I have the details on that one too, please?

Speaker A: Say again?

Speaker G: Can I have the details of that one too, please?

Speaker A: Yeah, I popped it in the chat. It's a WhatsApp number.

Speaker G: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: You just grab it out of the chat. And I said before, I don't think you were here, you can also, when you get a quote from him, you can also pop it in our chat, in our private chat, and just say, hey, I got a quote from Hammad to do this. Is that cool? Is that a good quote or do I need to negotiate? And then I can tell you too.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker C: Sorry, can I ask a question? I've added some content, I've done some content with ChatGPT. Now I need someone to help me to upload to my website. Can I ask him to help that too?

Speaker A: Yeah, he definitely can do that. Um, yeah, as long as it's not too expensive to do it, he definitely will do it.

Speaker C: Because I have someone to do it literally from the day I've given them all the content. I spent the whole week doing it, and it's been a month, still not up yet.

Speaker A: Oh no, no, he will do it. He, he probably won't do it himself, he's more of a tech guy, but he has a, he has a team that builds websites and they will do it. Yeah.

Speaker C: So they're also going to do the SEO as well, according to you?

Speaker A: Actually, yeah, he also offers SEO. I wouldn't use him for SEO. I have never used him for SEO. I wouldn't use any company, to be honest, for SEO. They all, they all bullshit. They all charge too much to do nothing. Um, we're going to look at SEO ourselves. So I use him to upload the content. I wouldn't pay him a monthly fee to do SEO. Okay. Well, because I'm going to show you also how to do basic SEO without having to pay someone $1,000 a month.

Speaker C: Oh, that'd be great. Yeah, that'd be good.

Speaker A: Okay. But yeah, you can hire him to upload and fix websites and, you know, all that stuff. Perfect.

Speaker C: Yeah. Thank you.

Speaker A: Thanks for that. You're welcome. Cool. Hey, have an amazing evening.

Speaker I: You too.

Speaker A: I'll see you in the chat and I'll see you next time. See ya, see ya. Come off mute, make some noise, please.

Speaker B: Thank you so much, thank you so much. Just the last request, if for the new starters, once you negotiate the price, would you mind to drop a price and how much you negotiated? Otherwise, each individual of us going to—

Speaker A: yeah, yeah, anyone who is working with Hamad, just quickly say, hey, I'm paying him this for this.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, so much easier.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, he's always going too high, but he has gotten high on some things. Um, so yes, quickly send, check it in the WhatsApp too.

Speaker B: Thank you so much.

Speaker I: Thank you.

Speaker A: All right, yeah, bye everybody, have a good evening. Bye.