Speaker A: Yeah, love it. So we've got today, we've got one question from Catherine only. So one question about her website. So I might just see if she comes in and if not, we'll do a review of her website and then she can watch the recording. So let's do a quick, because we only, there's only two of us, three of us here. And we only have one question. Let's, and we can finish early. So we have time to go and do stuff. I mean, nobody's ever going to cry. About having more time in their day, so we don't have to fill the time. So I just wanted to see, is— does anyone, Sarah or Kyla, do you need help with something? Is there something, a quick review, a brainstorm, something that isn't working that you want a quick, quick chat about?

Speaker B: Um, we are currently, um, reviewing our, uh, Manly Surf School website, um, and It's very much in the early stages, and we've had a sort of a preliminary few screenshots come back. Um, if you've had a look at our old Manly Surf School website, its branding is also black, yellow, and white. I think black, yellow, and white. It's very old. Like, the website itself is archaic. But with the fact that we've come into with, um, the new the newer businesses, the Surface Gym business, and then now also brought under the umbrella as a Surface Compass, I felt like we should move away from that yellow-black branding and maybe take a look at something that could be fresher. So if we look at our Surface Compass website, that's a lot fresher. And I really would like to— yeah, your advice, because I thought that they should kind of look like they're all part of the same family, all 3 businesses, but then also maybe have their own identity within those 3. That sort of broader umbrella, um, is where I would like to go. But I just thought I'd hear what you have to say about that. You think that that's right as well, if we kind of move away from that, or—

Speaker A: Yeah, so, so you can definitely see there This one, this website is obviously completely, you know, not archaic, whereas this one you can see it's super archaic. Even the header image here doesn't scale with the website. It's just got more— that's the old school way of doing it. You know, it doesn't scale. It just goes more background or less background. In terms of brand strategy, there are different ways to go about it. One is you can have the family of businesses that are all tied together. That have a similar look and feel. In this case though, I feel like they actually do have different brand identities.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: So I actually wouldn't really, I wouldn't bother to make Manly Surf School look like Surfers Compass. It's a different identity. So for example, let's say if I had Manly Surf School kids, I might use, say, Mindly Surf School Kids might be this exact same logo of the Mindly Surf School, but in purple. And then I have Mindly Surf School Adults, exactly the same logo, but in blue, for example. So I can have, you know, I could color code under the same brand. Kids are, say, purple, adults are blue, for example, or yellow. But because they're different brands, we can keep them as separate identities. So this one obviously is beautiful. I wouldn't mess with that. However, if you do want to, you know, if the yellow you don't like, I mean, the yellow is not that cool, but I'm not sure how much of your brand is already yellow branded. You know, if the—

Speaker B: I think we've been slowly, steadily moving it away, moving away from that. We just want something fresher, I guess, and a little bit more modern. Um, so maybe just like, yeah, maybe just a newer WordPress would do the trick as well. Uh, new images. Yeah, just bring it back in, which he is currently doing. It's just that what he showed, what he kind of— the very— as I said, and it's very early on, he kind of showed us something and it was very black and very yellow. It was—

Speaker A: oh, okay.

Speaker B: Probably stood out a lot more than this. Yeah.

Speaker A: Maybe what I probably would do is to keep it modern and a bit timeless is get them to— the brief would be keep the black and white and we just need one complementary color, but there needs to be one splash, but maybe it doesn't have to be yellow. Could, it could be one of these colors, you know, the, it could be this one or this one or both. So you can, you can have, you can use this color scheme with the black and these two colors would actually look pretty nice.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, well, that's what I was thinking, is that we kind of— because if you, if you take a look at some of our logos across, and even the Surface Gym logo, they've all been done by Matt's brother, who's, um, uh, yeah, he's done all three of our logos. So if you look at the Surface Compass logo, and if you look at the Manly Surf School logo, and you look at the logo, they all look very similar.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's cool. It is really cool. Yeah. So what you could— and I quite like, I quite like the, you know, if you wanted to— oh yeah, yeah, yeah, they're all, they're all similar. And here he's used yellow too.

Speaker B: Yeah, that was— yeah, because this would be— yeah, it used to be part of— obviously this was branded as the High Performance Surf Center, and then Matt changed to the Surface Gym just to make it a little bit more inclusive for everybody coming down here.

Speaker A: Because these two colors are nice, you know.

Speaker B: Yeah, I like them as well. And I actually thought that, um, I mean, it's pretty obvious, but like, we can't— I'm, I'm a pink person. I like pink. I'll go for pink any day of the week. But, um, and Matt loves his pink boards and things like that as well. So I wasn't sure if we use one of those colors for Surf Zone, one of those colors for Surface Gym as well, but You could, or you could, you could align the color scheme, but maybe the surf school has a bit more black.

Speaker A: This one has a lot of white, which is perfect. Maybe the, you know, the, the surf school could be a bit more on the black side, but still using these two complementary colors without the fade. Maybe if this has the fade on it, sometimes they date a little bit. It's cool right now. That's what I was worried about.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: It was not cool even like a few, a few weeks, a few years ago, or even a year ago, the fade was not that cool. It was cool, then it wasn't cool, now it's cool, and then it will not be cool again.

Speaker B: Yeah, I have to keep up, which is why I'm glad that he's used that sort of blue in the background here as well for that Surface Compass, because I thought he would have used that fade as well, but no, it looks way better, way cleaner with just that sort of blue.

Speaker A: Yeah, I actually love the fade on the logo and the icon.

Speaker C: I do too.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's lovely. So you could maybe get them to do a version where you just say, hey, we're trying to move away from the yellow. If we can, if we can use this color scheme here, but a bit more black than white, I think that'd be cool. I personally do like to then go with, let's say, the adult one, you use the blue more on that landing page. On the kids one, you use the pink more, for example. Yeah, I do like that. As a business, I do like to then go, hey, whenever we do a kids brochure, we're going to use more of the pinky color. And we do an adult brochure, we use more of the blue, for example, color.

Speaker B: Okay, all right, that's great. Thank you.

Speaker A: Also, visually, it's an easy— you know, when you have an office, you're like, okay, blue here. We do it for our program too. Different programs have different colors. Like the, the Clutter Bunch is more gold— sorry, not the Clutter Bunch, is black and yellow. The Genius Bunch is gold. So we, we have the different things have slightly different you know, color. So in the office you also see it when you walk in, which brochures go to which, which offers.

Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, that's great. That's great. I will do that. Um, that sounds good. That— so yeah, that's just our starting point, I guess. That's one of our, um, not to move away too much from our sort of fun and vibey sort of, yeah, yeah, you know, what the surf school is that brand personality of the Surfsoul, but also to kind of tie it in with the more slightly more knowledgeable and grown-up version of Surface Compass.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I think the Surface Compass has— you've done really well with that brand. It's, it's really easy on the eye. Yeah, modern, fresh. It makes you exactly what you would expect an app to do, is just give you certainty, calm, not like yellow anxiety, you know, more like so much information.

Speaker B: That's what our current website is, overloaded with information. Um, yeah, so yeah, I've asked him to minimize all of that, make it feel fun but easy to read, digestible. There is a lot of information we do need to put on, um, because a lot of people book into the wrong lesson or something at surf school.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Um, you know, young kids booking into hard lessons is not ideal, so we want to stop that from happening at some point, um, if they're booking online. Um, but, um, so it's about that. That would be the challenge, is putting that digestible information in so the customer can take it in without just going, oh, that's too much to read, I'm not going to read it.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then again, if you had color-coded, you know, unconsciously the mind, if you had a bit of color-coded for anything that I read about the adult stuff, it's blue, or you pick the color, anything that I read about kids stuff, it's pink. And then when I go and book Again, I can see the blue button or I can see the pink button. So we, the language aligns with the colors. Yes.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, pink. I read the kids thing before it was pink. So unconsciously I know, okay, the pink button or, you know, when I in the calendar, I look for the pink things, that's for the kids. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's great advice.

Speaker A: Yeah. Great. Sarah. Do you have any that you wanted to look at?

Speaker C: Well, I'm wanting to pick up on the session that we did with Christo on Friday where we were talking about SEO from a perspective of phrases because things are changing with the way AI is going to start finding stuff. On the interweb. And I have to— not that I have to convince Emma, but definitely it helps me get shit across the line when she is on board with it as well. And I just can't quite, um, explain to her what we spoke about, but I plan to do some additional research about it. And I'm also going to hit Christo up for the slides But I just wonder, we spoke about doing the frequently asked questions for each of my trips rather than keywords as SEO. But because each trip— the frequently asked questions are for each trip, and because the objective of the frequently asked questions is the SEO for AI searchability. There's a lot on each of my pages, so I'm planning to put those questions right down the bottom. There is a specific frequently asked questions page, but I think with the questions that are most relevant for each trip, it needs to go on the trip page. But I just don't think that there's enough room. There's so much shite on each page.

Speaker A: Yeah, but I do, I do like the frequently asked questions. Let me just pull up your website idea. And also just quickly to convince Emma, rather than, you know, spending more time trying to convince her, just get her, book her in, and Heidi can book her in for free to this masterclass that Christo is running next on the 11th of November. I popped the link in the chat.

Speaker C: Oh, he's going to do it again.

Speaker A: Yeah, and it's even more, it's an hour and 15 minutes, so it's going to be more detailed.

Speaker C: 11th of November.

Speaker A: Yeah, click on the link that I put in the chat.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: And message Heidi and say, hey, I need Emma, my team member, to watch this. And if she's not there live, the recording will be available too.

Speaker C: So can we both book in and see it firsthand from him again?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker C: Okay, great.

Speaker A: Message Heidi and say, Francisca said Okay.

Speaker C: Amazing. Thank you.

Speaker A: So that's the best way then you can watch it together and she doesn't need to be convinced about it. And then having frequently asked questions, I think is really good because, you know, it's like a $6,000, $7,000 thing that I'm committing to, which I think is very affordable for what I get. I think having something that answers all my questions at the bottom is great.

Speaker C: Okay, and so you agree that it's— and it can go at the bottom? It would go above this form, below the picture and above the form.

Speaker A: I kind of don't want to move this further down, maybe even below this form. Okay, I think below this form is good because I don't want people to, to miss out on getting on the waitlist.

Speaker C: This is like the last opportunity for them, last call of action opportunity. There is other calls of action on the way down.

Speaker A: Yeah, inquire, book a call. Yeah. Join the waitlist. But is this the Explorer R8? Oh, this is already sold out? No, this is from the last one, isn't it?

Speaker C: Well, it's about— I've just put a new boat on it. So we are looking for registrations for it and I haven't quite updated this page. So sorry about that. That's just showing me.

Speaker A: But that's for the last minute ones for this year. I think I remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So this will be simplified. Yeah, I think, yeah, either before or after. Maybe, maybe visually I think it would look better before.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Like visually would look better here.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: I guess, and they do still have the buttons here to book and throughout. So yeah, maybe just put it before if you wanted something for the eye. Looking good before is a good idea.

Speaker C: And her comment is, and I think she's right, that for it to count towards SEO, we don't really want to create a button to frequently asked questions. We want it to be on the main page.

Speaker A: Yeah, you want it to be written out. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yes. Okay. No worries. I appreciate all of that. Sorry that I, I feel I knew yesterday that I hadn't gotten around to sending my questions in. So I appreciate that we've had this little moment.

Speaker A: No, no, that's correct. Yeah, that's perfect. I like it.

Speaker C: Okay, great.

Speaker A: Awesome. And just, you know, just do the main ones and then you can have a button to more because you've got an FAQ somewhere else here.

Speaker C: Yes, we have a whole FAQ there, but it's more general and I wanted to do it, you know, the, the Meltemi wind.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: As it impacts when you sail in Greece, like things that are really Greek specific.

Speaker A: And also it establishes your authority, you know, when you have specific ones about, let's say, is this Greece here?

Speaker C: This is Caribbean, I think.

Speaker A: Oh, Caribbean. Yeah. Yeah. If you have specific things about the Caribbean, I know, oh, they know what they're talking about because they're talking about this wind. I've never heard of it. You know, like the this and that.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Really great.

Speaker C: Best things. Okay.

Speaker A: Caribbean, you know, what about rain? What about this? What about this? So really cool.

Speaker C: Okay, brilliant. Thanks for that.

Speaker A: My pleasure. And then the last question is from Catherine. She's not here now, so we'll, we'll answer her question anyway, which was about the messaging. Remember we talked last time, were you here? We talked about the messaging on her homepage here.

Speaker C: I believe I recall this.

Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah, it would be better for her to be here, so maybe she can come for a better discussion next week. But in case she's watching this, Transforming organizations through creative leadership and human. And now that you've seen her too, Sarah, because, because, um, Kyla, Katherine did a session at the Experience, a really awesome session to help us tap into our visual mind and get us to think a little bit differently, which was cool. So now, Sarah, that we know what she does, maybe we have some different thoughts on this.

Speaker C: My thoughts are that Um, for the entire year since I started this, and we both started at the same time, I have failed to fully grasp the absolute creativity that she brings to her sessions. It doesn't come across here, and I understand that she can't put what she does here very easily. But if you could go maybe very quickly to see somebody's experience of what she does, so you wouldn't have to scroll down very far to get someone to tell you, because what she does is next level.

Speaker A: Yeah, and it is, it is, you're so right, because it is, this is, this doesn't completely tell me yet the creativity that you talk about. Because any coach, because she's also an artist and that's very, that's her, her thing, her thing, her differentiation is that she's also an artist. And so she uses images, creativity to help us think differently, which this doesn't tell us, right?

Speaker C: This presents her as a professional, which it does need to do that too, because she's, you know, wanting to work with councils and police and whatever. But somehow it would be so lovely if we could get in here, watch how good she actually is at doing what she does.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then also, you know, and this is again, better to be discussed on the next session with Katherine. It's a bit, this is a bit of a general statement. So the more general that we are, the harder it is to sell. So for you, Sarah, you are very specific. We have Caribbean.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Croatia. We have whatever. So that's easy to sell. Then we do boat trips. We do sailing trips. Like, okay, cool. So, you know, it's a very, very simplified example, but this is like, do you need help to create positive change? What kind of, I mean, what kind of change?

Speaker C: Yes, exactly.

Speaker A: Like, do we need, as in, do we need to grow? Like, impact more people inside with my team? Do I need them to be more creative? Like, what kind of positive change? I think that's the other thing.

Speaker C: Yes, it's, it's just not quite hitting the mark of convincing me from the get-go that I, that she, that she's brilliant. I know she's good.

Speaker A: We know that. Yeah, she's brilliant. Because now, you know, my question would here would be to anyone here today, and Sarah, you've known her, and I did too, for almost a year. If somebody asked me right now, if somebody called me with an organizational issue and said, hey, what does Katherine do exactly? I would struggle.

Speaker C: I would struggle 100%.

Speaker A: But now that I've seen her in person, what would we say, Sarah? I probably would say something because that's really what it comes down to. I probably would say something like, Katherine is an artist who uses her, or maybe we don't have to use the artist word, who helps people to tap into their creativity by using, I don't know, Just when you thought there was no need to get out of your, you know, your academic brain, here comes Catherine.

Speaker C: I just— that first session, I don't know, we have to work out a way to nail this comment.

Speaker A: Yeah, we do.

Speaker B: Is it worth it? And not having seen it, I've always found Catherine very impressive during these even just these advisory board meetings, actually. But is it worth putting like a snippet of her presentation online? Does she have them online? Is that something that would work?

Speaker A: I think, yeah, I think like a real cutting things together would be nice because, because her sessions made people— because normally with like coaching stuff, you know, you just sit there and watch and then you walk away with nothing. Whereas with Catherine, she makes you get up. She makes you pick some of the cards that, you know, like art, then those cards make you have different conversations with people that you normally would have. So, so I think you're right. I think she could cut together a really cool reel where she's talking and then something happened. Yeah.

Speaker B: Like, so you can watch what she's going to do. And then maybe, I don't know, maybe, maybe you need to interview some people afterwards and go and hear what they have to say. I don't know. Yeah, because for hearing from you, I, I felt the same. It's for a long time I've looked at it, I've seen this website many times on these advisory boards and them going, I, I still couldn't tell you what she does.

Speaker C: Um, would be impossible without, without doing a session. It would be impossible. To know what she does. And I'm lazy, and I'm perfectly happy to sit in my chair at a conference and speak to the person next to me. I can do that. But she absolutely wouldn't let us, and she kept us moving, and she was delightful and thoughtful and The questions were really open-ended. She just, it was great. It was so good.

Speaker A: Yeah. Maybe what she needs to do is ask a few people like you, me, people that were at the, and it can't be a group message, Catherine. I know you send a group message in the WhatsApp, but those never work. I think she needs to just maybe private message a few people. And just say, hey, if you were to tell someone about me, what would you say? What would it be? What would you say?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: What's the impact that I've had on you? And I would probably say something, I need to think about it more, but I would say something like, you've helped me to, to think differently than what I normally would through visuals. By using visuals. You've helped me access a different part of my brain that I normally wouldn't.

Speaker C: And also, I mean, I do in my personal life, but when it comes to my business life, you know, I've just got a job to do. I just— but to access the visual mind at a time when I'm totally in my brain around whatever job is having to be done is the most brilliant tool to move you along and open you up for something that you just weren't ready for.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I agree. So Catherine, your challenge is to just private message or call a few people from the experience and just ask a very— I would just keep it super duper duper simple. If you had to tell a kid, even about me. If you had to tell a kid to explain about me, my session, what would you say? And then from there, maybe piece together the core message that is a bit— and I know this is not the only thing she does, she does other things too, but we just need to be able to have something that we don't want people after 8 months to say, I still don't know what you do.

Speaker C: No, that's true.

Speaker A: Especially after we've reviewed this website quite a lot and also talked about her a lot. Here on these sessions.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Now, by now should have an ability to, to say, what is it that you do? And I know this is a hard one to even go down the rabbit hole. I do it all the time with my own personal brand. I know that if I'm not known for something, if I don't go down one rabbit hole, then I'm not going to get booked for anything. So my rabbit hole right now, and that might change, Catherine listening, hopefully. That might change next year, but my rabbit hole right now is courage. I'm going down the courage rabbit hole. So if somebody, and using adventure and my books, so if somebody's asking about Francisca, I want them to say, oh, she talks about courage. But if I don't have that, if I'm just, oh yeah, she talks about mindset, I think maybe a little bit of adventures and marketing and stuff. And of course, marketing is still my thing too, but that's not the rabbit hole that I'm going down for my personal brand. So for Katherine, we need the same. She needs to have a rabbit hole, something that people know her for. She is the one, because there's a lot of coaches, speakers, facilitators. She is the one that is also an artist using creativity to help us to advance our thinking, help us find solutions to problems in a different way. Something along those lines. And then stick with it because I know it's easy to always, you know, oh no, now I do this, now I do this because people always tell you new things. And I understand that it's the nature of humanity that we all want to help. But ultimately you have to pick it. You have to pick what your thing is. Nobody can give it to you. I can't give it to you. Sarah can't give it to you. Carla can't give it to you. You pick your thing. What is it that you want to be known for? And that's the thing that you become known for. I was, who was it? Oh, just before I had a call with a guy. I've known him for years and years and years and he's, he's had different businesses and now he's got an agency, a marketing agency. And all he does is reactivation campaigns. That's the thing. And I thought, this is so great. You know how many freaking calls I get with marketing agencies that want to, that want to help our clients? Like literally every week I have someone on somewhere, LinkedIn, somewhere messaging me. We have agency, we can help you with all these 20 different things. I'm like, no, this guy, I do reactivation. I'm like, cool, let's chat. The only thing he does is he's the reactivation guy right now. And I definitely can give him clients straight away. I'm going to test him first, of course, but he, because he's the perfect example, he's, he's just now going down this one road, reactivation, and now it's easy to refer him.

Speaker C: It's, it's too big an industry to be good at all of it.

Speaker A: And to be trying to be known for everything, it's, it's just not right.

Speaker C: I feel like you're just going to spin me shit if you think you can do all of it.

Speaker A: That also. That also. Yeah. Katherine, I hope this, hopefully you're watching this. Hopefully this is helpful. Sarah, thank you. Because it's easier for you because you've seen, you've seen Katherine in action.

Speaker C: Yeah. So good.

Speaker A: Awesome. Anything else? Otherwise, I'm gonna give you 22 minutes to go and listen.

Speaker B: No, no, I'm outside.

Speaker C: I'll ask you one question about Ontraport.

Speaker A: Oh my God, I don't know if I can help you, but hey, I'll try my best.

Speaker C: All right. I'm with ActiveCampaign at the moment. They've just invested lots of money because they want to grow.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: But now I feel like I can't get a reasonably priced package because everything is over. It's got too much shit that I don't need. I'm never gonna use it. So what I want to know is, can I, I'm, I'm gonna be able to use Entrepreneur for emails, client database, website tracking. Embedded forms.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: I want it to talk to Leadpages, which is where my website is.

Speaker A: That, I don't know that.

Speaker C: Okay. Automations.

Speaker A: Yeah. All the automations. Maybe I would talk to an Ontraport person and we have somebody.

Speaker C: We have one. She was at the Experience.

Speaker A: Oh yes. Emma.

Speaker C: Emma.

Speaker A: Thank you. Talk to Emma, please, because she is so cool. She actually bought the business of one of our mentors from WA. She's cool. Yeah, she's a gun.

Speaker C: She's great.

Speaker A: Yeah, she's awesome. Yeah, talk to her and maybe just double confirm the packages because Ontraport is not that cheap either and it's in US dollars. So just maybe talk to her about what the packages are and then make sure you know that it's US dollars. Mostly.

Speaker C: Yep. I'd be surprised. So his ActiveCampaign is also US dollars.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. All right.

Speaker C: Good.

Speaker A: But we use Ontraport for everything. You can do SMS campaigns, which would be cool for you too. You know, when you have a new trip out, message all your old leads. Hey, we just, we just published a new trip in the Caribbean. I thought you might be interested. Let me know if you want to know more, like really cool reactivation stuff like that. You could do that through most systems.

Speaker C: Yes, I can do that through ActiveCampaign, but I haven't done it yet because I feel like it's very, very, uh, I feel like they will— I'm scared that they will, um, disengage from me because I'm in front of them on all of their avenues.

Speaker A: No, no, no. If you, you know, send them too much, but if it's just once in a while to say, hey, we got a new trip.

Speaker C: Yeah, that's true.

Speaker A: That's great. You want to tell people, and if they hate it, then they can unsubscribe because they're not your people anyway.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: If they don't want to hear about trips coming up, then well, great, you know, my bad.

Speaker C: Okay. Yep. Great. Unreal.

Speaker A: I'll, uh, I'll do a quick email in, uh, with Emma.

Speaker C: Okay. I can do that. I've got her, um, you got her email already? Yes, we got it. Did she put it? I'll check that she put it into the Google form, the sheet.

Speaker A: I'll do a quick email to both of Yeah, I got you both here.

Speaker C: Okay, great.

Speaker A: Awesome. Awesome. Hey, rest of your day.

Speaker C: Thank you for today.

Speaker A: You're so welcome. I'm glad you were here.

Speaker C: Take care.

Speaker A: Have a good one.

Speaker C: Catch you. See you, Kayla.

Speaker A: Bye. Bye.