Speaker B: Today we got something way more exciting, and that is business. And you know, if we grow our businesses, if you grow your businesses, you will go to Morocco and ride those horses on the beach.

Speaker A: Great.

Speaker B: Or you book a trip with, with Sarah, and she can take you.

Speaker D: You should have a basic bananas trip with Sarah. That would be amazing.

Speaker A: That would be great. That would be so exciting, so fun.

Speaker B: You know, it's a, it's an option. I'm actually, I'm talking to Kevin tomorrow. I just had a quick WhatsApp chat with him, Kevin Bees, and because he is trying to do these masterminds where people meet every few months in person. And I don't think he's doing super well with them, but I think it could be really good. So I want to see if we can partner with him on a few things like that. And, and, you know, it could even be one trip a year with organized by Sarah. You know, like a, just throwing it out and I'll talk to him tomorrow about all that.

Speaker E: So I've got a helicopter going off in the background. Can you hear? Can you hear all that or not?

Speaker D: Oh, good.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker A: I thought you were inviting us on a helicopter ride.

Speaker E: Sorry. Must be. That's good actually to know that you can't hear it because it's absolutely deafening. I think there's a rescue going on not far from me.

Speaker B: Oh, really? No, we can't hear it.

Speaker E: I'll switch my mic.

Speaker A: Oh, now I remember what I asked. Okay, great.

Speaker B: So do you want to, why don't you ask it in person and I've got some thoughts for you too. And I love how you're playing with ChatGPT and you're using ChatGPT as your brainstorm person. So good. I do it all day.

Speaker A: It's so great. And I'm on— in— on this occasion, um, I asked— his name's Chad— um, I asked Chad to be, um, particularly harsh because what I find is that he can go, oh yes, that's such a great idea, you've really thought this through. I'm like, I need some critical something or other, not just you faffing around me. So I asked Chad to be extremely, um, critical of our website pages. So at all of our website pages are structured, uh, like the other, the other page that you just brought up, the, um, this one. Yes. So on this, in this case, um, it just is a hero shot with the location, the dates and rolls into the information. But he, Chad, suggested a few changes, um, and we've— I've made those changes, and now I'm considering doing them to all of our pages. So now you've got this, um, line, this one-liner in here that tries to create an emotional attachment: a guided journey by yacht through the Croatian Kornati Coast, iconic moments, local secrets, and ocean views. So he, Chad, said bring something, an emotive statement in straight away. It's quite small, but it's there now where none of our other pages have it. So that was one thing that he said. Um, notice he's got a whole personality now. If you scroll down a bit further, because this one's got it, by the way.

Speaker B: Starting with this, I like this. I think that's definitely a really good idea. I would probably unitalic it because italics just means to me that it's not that important to read.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I would probably unitalic it and I would maybe make it a little bigger.

Speaker A: I think bigger too. That's what I thought. And I also, yeah, I think bigger too. Okay.

Speaker E: I'd also take off the capitalization of each of the first letters. Because to me that sort of implies it's a heading for something, whereas if you're trying to show it as sort of maybe someone's kind of thought bubble as to what their mind has, you know, kind of come up with as what this trip is, I would think it's more just lowercase, kind of almost like a verbal Yep. Thought bubble.

Speaker A: All right, I will— we can change that. Um, I'm just trying to remember what else we bloody changed on this page now. It was, you know, more than 3 seconds ago, so I've forgotten. Okay, so we, um, Chad suggested that we do some itinerary highlights, and what we used to do was just send them to the full itinerary, but what we've done is pull out the highlights I like that. And we've made this kind of— the initial paragraph is a bit more, um, tries to put the person in the location rather than, um, talking about, you know, crystal clear waters, you know, which is all lovely as well, but it's trying to put the people there more now rather than the other way around.

Speaker C: Mm-hmm.

Speaker B: Um, what else did we do?

Speaker A: Oh, the why travel with us, why travel this way, the dot points, um, that draw your attention about the, the benefits of traveling with us, more the benefits of traveling by yacht in a group led by me.

Speaker B: Yeah, I like it. I wonder, and one question I had actually is people that have already booked and paid.

Speaker A: I know, it's awful, and I struggle with this because I feel like I'm encouraging people to wait until the last minute to book with us, which I don't want to do. However, we've got no time left, and we've got a whole boat that hasn't been sold because some people cancelled their trip. And so I'm in a bit of dire straits now on this particular trip. I don't usually do it, but I'm feeling desperate on this one.

Speaker B: Maybe what you— what I would do, because if I had booked for the full rate and then I came here, I would be a little bit annoyed. Yeah, as a customer. So I would probably add not— maybe don't tell how much the discount is, but maybe you could say inquire about last-minute cabins due to late cancellations or something like that so that they can inquire.

Speaker A: Okay, I can do that. And this page Originally was the page that was the retargeting for our Facebook ads, but we have just made it the actual Cornati page because we're in this dire strait moment where I'm trying to resell this goddamn boat that I already sold once.

Speaker B: And that you already, you probably already paid a deposit and all that, right?

Speaker A: Yes, that's, that's my problem. I've paid the deposit. Yeah, it's a, it's a bit of a, this one's a bit of a mess. So apart from it being a mess, I am considering making some changes to each of my destinations, except yeah, not, I don't like the 20% discount. I think that's a shit go.

Speaker B: Yeah, I just think that should go for people that have already booked, but it could maybe be inquire about last minute cancellation discounts.

Speaker A: Okay, I could do that, you know, like something like that. Yeah.

Speaker B: And then just the other thing I wrote down for you, because you said that you're running Facebook ads and they're not converting, and I'd like you to try something else because if we go from cold traffic straight to this, it's quite understandable why it wouldn't convert straight away because I've never met you, it's 5 grand or whatever. So what I would try, have you, or have you maybe Have you tried like a free info event, like an online event where you get people to come on a, you know, 30, 45, 40-minute information session? Or either that or booking through Calendly to book a call with one of your consultants, you know, your consultants here.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So there's actually a Now that you've said it like that, I see that it's not obvious, but if you click find your perfect sailing holiday free guide, that offers you a conversation with me. But obviously this is a lead magnet, so you have to do it via email. But maybe I should just have a button there that says have a conversation.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I think that would be good. Either, or do you use Calendly or one of these booking things?

Speaker A: Yeah, we use Google Calendar.

Speaker B: Maybe check with ChatGPT if it could be integrated. It would be cool. Maybe I don't think Google Calendar would maybe work, but I think like a free tool like Calendly, or what's the one that I use? I think it is Calendly where you can set appointment slots that people, it can basically show up here. People can book straight away their slot and you can use the free version. Of that. It shouldn't be too hard.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Just to make it easy for people to just book in with you in your diary straight away for like 15 minutes. Yep. So there's that one. There's different options. I'm not sure if other people have different software that they use, but I'm pretty sure that's the one that my team are using.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, just so it's— there's a step in between committing and You know, I'm not doing anything.

Speaker A: Okay. All right. So I can do that. So the things that are, do you think it's worth putting these little changes across all of the pages?

Speaker B: Yeah, definitely. I mean, that one is my favorite change to the sentence here.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: I really liked that one. Are most of your customers Australians or do you have some US? People too.

Speaker A: We have some US, um, we have some New Zealanders, and look, some— I'm gonna say maybe, to be honest, it's more like a few. And we have a Japanese couple that sail with us regularly as well, but mostly predominantly we're Australian.

Speaker B: Because the other thing I was thinking that I would do is maybe put the price in brackets in US dollar because for anyone that operates on US dollar, like Americans, maybe the Japanese are familiar with US dollars, it will be really cheap actually, you know, because our dollar is so crap at the moment. So it will be like 3.5 grand, maybe even less. It'll be 3 grand US, maybe 3 grand US for this trip seems really cheap for an overseas market. So yeah, you're right. And Americans are not— sorry, that's not true. Americans are not gonna go straight away, oh yeah, $5,000 Aussie, that's only that much. They won't even think that far. So do the thinking for them. So if somebody comes with a different currency, everyone is familiar with US dollars.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And it will just seem quite cheap, cost-effective. So I would add, I would add in brackets the US dollars here too.

Speaker A: Okay, no worries.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's that. And then also you had another one on the— is that cool? I would definitely make those changes.

Speaker A: Yep, across the website. No worries. All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, and add a booking, you know, booking for a chat with one of our travel, you know, call it something sailing adventurers or whatever you want to call it. Not consultant or salesperson or anything, but something fun.

Speaker A: Okay, I can do that. All right. So the, the next question is about the lead magnet, which is the lead magnet that's there now. And Chad said that it was very passive and not much call to action and made some suggested changes, which I've made. I did all, I wanted to change it because actually I did feel like I was, it was underwhelming, the first version. Of it.

Speaker B: Yeah, so this is the second version, right? And this is the first version.

Speaker A: Yes, correct.

Speaker B: Already the font here is much better on the, on the home, on the front page, on the COVID How many people download this? Do you get some downloads?

Speaker A: We do get some downloads, but we haven't got anybody who then rang for a booking or Rang, sorry, not for a booking to talk to me because there's a calendar, there's an invite to have a chat with me for 15 minutes.

Speaker B: Oh, maybe you can do it through Google Calendar then. You know, let me, I'm just clicking here to see what happens. Oh yeah, yeah, don't even worry about Calendly. It looks like you got it set up in Google Calendar. So just use that.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Got it already happening here.

Speaker A: Look. Yep. Yep.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's perfect. So you can just link that on your, you don't need Calendly. You've already got it here.

Speaker A: Okay. So I'll use this as a button on the website. I'll obviously leave it in the download.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But I think, and I think I'm convinced that it is heaps better. But I just wanted you to say, yes, agreed. It's heaps better. Go with this. Go, go with the new version.

Speaker B: I would say definitely go with the new version. It's heaps better. The thing that maybe chat was right is Oh, I don't know if you chat said it, but I wonder about adding a little bit of urgency for them to contact you because you're saying people are downloading it, but they're not really taking too much action. So I wonder if you could add right now, especially because you're coming into, you know, having to fill all the spots in the next few weeks. So maybe for this version right now, I wonder if there could be a bit of a, a bit scarcity here where you say, um, You know, about the, the 20%, but you don't have to say that it's 20%, that right now there's, there are 3 spots available at a special rate due to some late cancellations.

Speaker A: Yep. Okay.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker A: Yep, I can do that.

Speaker B: And maybe just add, you know, just add something like rate available until the whatever, 15th of May, or whatever, that, you know, whenever you need it to be done, because we need to give people a reason to take action.

Speaker A: Okay, cool.

Speaker B: Yeah, so, so I would make it a little bit more, more reason why. Does anyone else have anything that they wanted to add? All good.

Speaker E: Could you put the other one back on the screen as well? Because is it still available to see?

Speaker B: The old one? Yeah, I've got it here.

Speaker A: So this one, the old one, is really just 3 questions, you know. Are you traveling by yourself? What are your interests? And maybe one other question. It wasn't very— it didn't, you know, the new one you can click through to pages on the website. Um, it says, you know, like, if you answer 3 yeses to this, then, you know, our trip could easily be right for you. Um, there's a bit more kind of, um, a bit more engaging questioning rather than just 3 bland questions where you tick a box.

Speaker E: Yes, it seems like the old one was more about you gathering information about them, whereas the new one is more about them understanding what the best trip is for them.

Speaker A: Yep, and that was Chad's suggestion, right?

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, perfect. The most important thing about these lead magnets is Yes, the content has to be good. The most important thing is that there's some sort of— so the content is, yeah, needs to be good, but then we need some real good reason why they should connect with you. That we need a really good reason for them to take the next step. That's the most important thing.

Speaker A: And I guess, you know, um, yes, I agree with you. And also lots of our current clients are a slow burn, you know, they don't buy straight away.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Um, So we were trying to, the lead magnet was also about getting them into our database and showing them some other EDM, you know, once they've been on one of our website pages 3 times, they go into a nurture. So they start receiving our information, but I feel like I was ripping them off a little bit. Trying to get them in the database without giving them something worthwhile. And now I feel like it's much more worthwhile.

Speaker B: Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely worthwhile. I think it's the new one is better. So that's really good.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Perfect. Awesome.

Speaker A: Great. Okay.

Speaker B: For the questions, Sarah.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: And Catherine.

Speaker D: Yes.

Speaker C: Good morning.

Speaker D: Hello everyone.

Speaker A: Afternoon.

Speaker D: So This little, um, Coaching Superpowers Guide, just a little background for you. A colleague and I, colleague who lives in New Zealand and I, we're both coaches. We've done a little bit of work together and we have been exploring things about how we just like working with each other, you know, and we like kind of bouncing around ideas. And so we came up with this idea about what we think are some of the important characteristics for leaders and connecting it to coaching. And so if leaders, uh, develop some of these qualities and characteristics and use this way of being, um, mindsets and behaviors with their teams and things like that, we believe that they can improve their leadership, but also how they work with the people around them. So we've been doing posts on LinkedIn over the last few weeks and each week we've had a particular quality and characteristic. And then we thought, gee, you know, we put a bit of work into this, so now we've compiled it into a document that, you know, people could sort of download or we could share, etc., etc. And I'm just curious now as to where to take this. So I showed my husband, he said, there's a lot of work in that, are you just giving that away? And I said, Well, yeah, I guess we are at this point in time. I hadn't thought about selling it or anything like that. And then I do have a lead magnet on my website. It could be another lead magnet. It could be something else. So I'm just curious to explore how, how we can capitalize on this. What can we do with it? What, what is possible with this? Lovely guide and with lots of quality information in it.

Speaker B: Yeah, I got a few ideas for you that I'll run past you, and then anyone else who wants to chime in, please do too. So one idea is, you know, when in your field, usually somebody will connect with you and say, hey, can you give us a proposal, right? Usually proposals. And they will also ask someone else to give them a proposal. Yeah. Compare and blah, blah, blah. I would actually, when you send your proposal, I would also say, hey, I've got something else that I thought might be helpful, and I would give them that.

Speaker D: Oh, great.

Speaker B: Because your competitor is not gonna, they're just gonna give them the proposal. That's what people do.

Speaker D: Yeah. Brilliant. Love that.

Speaker B: Yeah. So already you have an advantage because One, you're being generous and you're giving value before they even pay you anything. And two, you're demonstrating your expertise and the quality of your content. Yep.

Speaker D: Excellent. I love that idea.

Speaker B: I think that's one of the best ideas out of the ones that I'm giving you. You could obviously also set this up as an email sequence. So every month or every week, maybe over 12 months. How many have we got? 10 or 12?

Speaker D: There's 10 and then there's a bonus one, 11 investing.

Speaker B: So it could also be, you know, for example, could be set up as an automated mini series. So maybe once a month it goes out and then when you do your training with people, you can tell them, you can say, hey, as a, you know, as a little maintenance and to help you now that we've done this work together and to integrate, you're also going to receive a monthly what would you call it?

Speaker A: Super—

Speaker B: yeah, coaching superpower.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: But that's another idea is to leverage it in that way because then if you're in front of these people, even though they're not the buyers, they will talk to other people and say, you know, anyone that will ever ask, hey, you know, we're looking for a coach, we're looking for a facilitator, they'll recommend you. But that's another one. And I think that's a really good one too. You could obviously run a masterclass on this, but this is content for a masterclass.

Speaker D: Yes, we've talked about this and, um, yeah, I think there is something there. Of course, there's a whole world of getting that out there and promoting and all of that, but yes, have discussed that as an idea.

Speaker B: And also for, well, either for, so for podcast, either you as a guest on a podcast you know, you can pitch this topic that you have, that you can go through the 10 coaching superpowers or 5 of the 10.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Rest, they need to, you know, either opt in or, or, you know, whatever, however you want to approach it. Yeah. Or if you ever have a podcast that you've already got the 11 topics.

Speaker D: Oh, I do have it. And this is something I might bring to Advisory or Genius Bunch at some point in time. I do have a podcast which has been sitting um, dormant for a while, and I'm very keen to reactivate it, but I know how much work is involved. But it's really burning for me, and I do really want to reactivate it. So I think something of this would come, would enter into it at some point in time.

Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. So, so those are the, the few ideas that I think some of them are, are something that I would implement straight away.

Speaker D: Is there anything in there that's missing? Um, you know, like in terms of— I don't know, uh, I don't know. I don't want to make it overly salesy. We didn't want to make it salesy. We just wanted to make it good content and, uh, with some information at the end. And the graphics are mine, so they're all hand-drawn graphics.

Speaker B: Yeah, beautiful. Did you draw them?

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: I think it's perfect because it's got information about both of you and it's not salesy. It's because the purpose of this is to add value. Yes, yeah, I think it's great. Maybe, Justina, we would love to hear from you. I wonder I guess because there's two— do they have to go and Google you, I guess, or, or can you link your LinkedIn? Oh no, you got your stuff here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's perfect. You could do have all your contact information, and we would love to co-coach.

Speaker D: That's the other thing too. And there's, there's a lot of discussion around coaching and the benefits of having co-coaches as well. And so this is the thing we're kind of keen as to find clients that are open to and, and then also have the budget for co-coaching with teams and things like that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, there's definitely benefit in that.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Does anyone else have any, any thoughts, comments, ideas for Catherine? It's really good. I really like it. I'm gonna actually properly, um, go through it and maybe apply some of the things that you teach in there.

Speaker D: Oh, please. And maybe that you can then give us some feedback. That would be very good.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Um, and I guess what could happen then afterwards is we could have a testimonial page added where people— this is what people have, how they've utilized it. That would be fantastic.

Speaker B: Yeah. Even on LinkedIn, I can, you know, write you a recommendation.

Speaker D: That would be very cool.

Speaker B: Kind of like for, for industries like yours and even ours, to be honest, uh, mine. Um, I quite like getting testimonials via LinkedIn because then you can also screenshot them and put them into places because they look real, obviously.

Speaker D: Absolutely. Yeah, the recommendations and testimonials and things like that are really— yeah, they are important. Oh, that would be wonderful, Francisco.

Speaker B: Thank you. No, I'll definitely do that. Awesome.

Speaker D: So Lynette's written a couple of things there.

Speaker E: I was actually just about to write you something, Kat, but I can mention it. One of the things that I find really catch catch my eye as I'm going through the news is little opportunities where something that's really current, so some current affair or something that's happening in the news, and you pick up on one or two of your components out of your little superpowers thing, and that gives you just a really current way of making it relevant. You bring in the current story and then talk about how that superpower was, you know, demonstrated or not demonstrated, or some kind of case study that just makes it really relevant. Just gives you another opportunity to bring it in and then provide the link to the research. Fantastic.

Speaker D: That's great. So, Beth, do you think I should have it on my website as a download, or what do you think?

Speaker B: Maybe not. Oh yeah, go for it, Lynette.

Speaker E: Oh, I don't know whether you're asking me or not.

Speaker D: I'm putting it out there.

Speaker E: I think so. Going back to something, Francisca, that you've always talked about, which is, you know, your best stuff should be accessible and, you know, maybe free. Because if it's— if that's the thing that makes them make the call and start a dialogue about working with you, that's really what you're trying to achieve, right? You know, you've done the work, maybe not You know, if you hold it close to you and don't share it, it's work that you're not actually leveraging for the purpose of building your business.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. And you could even try a different approach because you've already got some lead magnets. So you could even have a page about these super coaching. What is it again called? Superpowers.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Superpowers. I have a page where you talk about it and, you know, maybe list them. And you could even, instead of having a lead magnet, an opt-in box, you could even say, we, you know, we love sharing these with leaders, email us to get a copy.

Speaker D: Okay, that's interesting. So on my website at the moment, I've got my blog and I've been putting them up there as blogs, but actually then bring it into its entire page, its own Page, maybe.

Speaker B: Well, actually, what you could just do, if you put them up as blog posts anyway, you can, uh, Maverick, come up the top, up the top. Oh, here we go. If you put them up, go to blog. I would also call your blog something else, you know.

Speaker D: Okay, something resources, something.

Speaker B: What would you say?

Speaker D: Resources, do you think?

Speaker B: Or no, no, like something cooler, like a journal or something that ties in with thinking, thoughts, or, you know, something that is a bit more in line with your brand.

Speaker D: Oh, okay. Help me brainstorm. What is it, people?

Speaker B: I'm happy to probably brainstorm with ChatGPT, but I would say, you know, something like thoughts journal, musings, you know, something like that.

Speaker D: I've had, I've used musings before. I don't mind musings.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I would probably just have a quick chat with ChatGPT about it and say, hey, what other words— my business is called Maverick Minds, this is what we're doing, and what other words could I use? Interesting options for you to pick. And then on here, when you do, when you feature these, you could then as a call to action say, we love sharing these with leaders, please email, email us and we'll send you a copy. Of the full.

Speaker D: Okay, so go through each of those and probably put that into each of them, basically.

Speaker B: Yeah, I would put a call to action into each of these. Yeah, not get in touch so much, or you can do get in touch too, but maybe just have the call to action at the bottom. If you'd love to receive the full, yeah, magazine or whatever you want to call it, ebook, maybe not ebook, magazine, guide, guide, yes, guide, superpower guide. Yeah, exactly. Email us. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay. Thank you.

Speaker B: You're welcome.

Speaker D: Brilliant.

Speaker B: Awesome. Great. Thank you. You're so welcome. Emma.

Speaker D: Hi.

Speaker B: Hi. Yeah.

Speaker C: So I've been working on bringing up, I guess, more information on our website and getting a bit more in depth on all our products. So I've started with the racking side of things because we really didn't have much on there. And I guess it's the start of then redoing all the other categories on our site. But I just, I guess I've been in it for so long. I don't, I don't know how it's landed now. I really wanted to differentiate, I guess, the separate products within each category. So I wanted to try and make them sort of stand out on the top. Also wanted to make sure our brand stood out and it just didn't look like every other racking or shelving page. So yeah, this is kind of where we've landed with it. Nobody else in the business really gives me feedback. So just, yeah.

Speaker B: Well, that's why we're here. So maybe what we'll do is, is let me scroll through and then if everyone who wants to chime in could give some feedback on this landing page, that'd be great. So we'll, we'll have a quick look through it. And if you know, even anyone, if you want to come off mute and share, you can do that. I like this part here. Strong, efficient, adaptable. I think Australian-made, that's also something people value.

Speaker C: Yeah, I guess we're trying to position ourselves as not like another Chinese import brand. This stuff's actually made in Brisbane.

Speaker B: So That's really good.

Speaker C: Definitely our selling point, but it does mean we're a bit more expensive as well.

Speaker B: But that's, that's okay.

Speaker F: Amber, is it different grade product? Like, is it, is it—

Speaker C: it's Australian steel, so this stuff is graded differently to the Chinese stuff. Definitely can hold more, and that type of thing. So I don't know if I've—

Speaker F: Yeah, so my stuff's Australian-made as well. I've found that having— do you guys pay for the annual license for the Australian-made campaign?

Speaker C: That comes from our supplier. So it's Space Rack, which has that lifetime guarantee on it too. So I've tried to keep that in there. I guess my issue is being like trying to promote the product, but actually trying to get the people to the product as well. So people just, I don't know if people want to get on the page and just go, I need this and I don't really care about your spiel or yeah. So I didn't want to overload with too much information first, but I just, it's a bit of a balance, I guess.

Speaker F: The logo made a difference to me. So I don't know if they can allow you to use that, but the Australian Made logo did make a difference for me.

Speaker B: I can imagine. Yeah, yeah, maybe check what the legalities are, what the legalities are around using this, widely recognized.

Speaker F: It's an annual fee.

Speaker B: Is it?

Speaker F: Okay, they may pay for it, but for small businesses, it's pretty cheap. It's a few hundred dollars a year, and I have found it worthwhile.

Speaker C: Yeah, they, they, the supplier doesn't actually have it on their website, so I'm not sure, but I can definitely ask that question. That's great.

Speaker F: Yeah, they're probably not paying for it.

Speaker D: I, I, I really like it. It's very clean, and I like the colors a lot. It's got a real graphic quality for me in terms of the lines and the images, and I think it's— I quite like the look of it personally.

Speaker B: Me too. I think it's very clean from what I remember you had in the past. It's quite the upgrade. The only, you know, if I wanted to be really fussy, probably I'm slightly bothered by 3 different sized fonts here and 3 different colors also. So probably would, you know, make, align that a bit more, maybe the same. Well, this one is, these 2 are kind of, they go together, you know, they could be the same.

Speaker C: Yeah, I started with everything like the big text being in orange and I just, I don't know. Yeah, I kind of start with a lot and then try and pare it back.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. And I almost feel like, I wonder if this needs to be above. So first start, who is it for? Industrial racking for warehouse and distribution. And then below the strong Australian made. Okay. It's almost like, who is it for? Okay, I'm going to keep reading because that's what I need. And I probably wouldn't capitalize this whole thing either. Okay, I would probably do it in the same way that you've done this one here.

Speaker F: Your, um, the uprights look like— are they gal?

Speaker C: Uh, those ones aren't, but it's, it's just Australian steel. You can get them in gal as well.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker F: The coloring is immediately differentiating it for me, the color of the racking.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker F: Just because you always see the blue and the orange racking, right? Just the—

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker F: So it's—

Speaker C: I thought they look galvanized, but that's, that's one of your options if you go and set up.

Speaker F: Yep.

Speaker B: And I can see some comments. Yeah, Kat already mentioned I quite like the look. Yeah, me too. And oh yeah, that's, I think that's that. The other one is for from Lynette for cat also something. I think it's really good.

Speaker C: The only thing I think when I jumped on here, it went to some, I think there's a link from the issue is I haven't actually done the installation page. So it just goes to the contact page, but the other buttons here all go down to the bottom section.

Speaker B: I saw that. Yeah, they go to the right places.

Speaker C: So that is actually another block that just appears on all of the racking pages. So it's at the bottom of all the racking pages. I don't know if that's too much, but this part, having that information available on all the product pages.

Speaker B: I think that's good.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: And then again, with the same feedback on this part here. Okay.

Speaker C: It's pretty much all designed like that. So I will have a quick look at it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, and then I guess the same here. Same again. I think it's really good. And then did you have some subpages too?

Speaker C: Yeah, so then they just go into there.

Speaker B: Oh, these ones here, right?

Speaker C: The menu items are along the top there. I don't know if that's clear enough or not, but this one, palette, specialized. Yeah, these are the 4 different subcategories that fall into that same.

Speaker B: And they all have the same layout, I assume. Yes. Yeah. So let's have a look at one of these. Does it matter which one, or should we just look at—

Speaker C: They should all be the same, pretty much. Yeah.

Speaker B: Let's look at this. So I guess same again here, same feedback. I like this a lot, the request a quote. I think that could probably be, you know, used throughout. I think someone on the other page, it had a lot of get in touch, and maybe, or what was the call to action? There was another call to action you used. We'll have a quick look again after this.

Speaker E: That's—

Speaker B: but let's look at this first.

Speaker F: Got it clear somewhere that you do. Whenever I go onto pages like this, I always worry about— well, my first thought is, where are you based? And like, is it cost me a lot to get shipping?

Speaker C: Yeah, so this is the sort of product that I guess we wouldn't ship so much. We kind of will deliver it.

Speaker F: So it's only a local?

Speaker C: So yeah, we're kind of, for this stuff, we're kind of, we're based in the Toowoomba region and they go out to places like Roma and like different places around the Darling Downs.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: Good point. So, so, so you have a, for, for this solution, you do have a geographic region that you won't go to Perth or anything like that?

Speaker C: I mean, if someone needed it, but I don't think so. No, not logistically.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, they'd probably find another supplier. Yeah, so maybe that could be a point that Matt mentions, industrial racking for warehouse and distribution in the blah blah area, you know, in the other suburbs or whatever region. Yeah, okay. Yeah, in the blah blah.

Speaker D: And Christo was saying one time when we were— if you put your location, it actually brings things up on your website, the SEO and things, if you're actually mentioning location.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker D: So that might be a good thing.

Speaker B: Yeah, 100%, because I would Google, you know, warehouse and distribution solutions Brisbane, for example. You choose your loc— you would add that into your search, and that's definitely a really good point, Kat.

Speaker D: Can I just mention something about the images below? Could you just scroll down to that, that row there, I mean, I really like it. The only thing for me is all the images are blurring into one, and it's— I get a little bit lost. And I wonder if there's just a tiny little space maybe that you could put between the images. I think you've done it below where there's two images that are very close to each other, but there's just a tiny little space so they don't blur. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And if you can't do the spacing because of the layout of this website, you could just add a white border around these images.

Speaker C: Yeah, now I can pop the spacing.

Speaker B: Or maybe you can space it out. Yeah. Is this WordPress or what? Yes, it's WordPress. It's really— you've done really well. It's really clean and the copy is really good. The images are good. You've done so well. Okay. You built this all yourself from scratch?

Speaker D: Yes. Yeah.

Speaker B: This would cost you quite a lot of money to get a developer. To build. So you've done really well.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: As long as it's not overly confusing and too much.

Speaker B: But no, not at all confusing. The other thing I wanted to quickly check, because I like this request a quote button here. I wanted to just check here. Oh, you do have it here.

Speaker C: I do want it to go to an actual quote form page, and I'm just been researching WordPress forms to see which one will do what we need it to do.

Speaker B: Yeah. See here with the images, you have a little bit of space too, like Kat says. Yeah, yeah, I love it.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker B: Any questions, get in touch. Okay, that's all right. Get in touch. So some of these, I wonder if we have a get a quote somewhere else. No, get in touch. So maybe one of these buttons where it says we have get in touch already, maybe 3 times here. Yeah, get in touch here, 1, 2. Request a quote. 3, yeah, 3, 4. You've got 4 times, which is all right. It's better than nothing, but maybe change them up a bit, you know, not just only get in touch, but one is maybe request a quote, book a chat, or, you know, something else.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: But the request a quote is usually good for your type of business.

Speaker C: Free measuring quote.

Speaker B: Yep. Okay.

Speaker A: That's great.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker B: Very impressive. Well done. Emma, I agree. I couldn't do this, that's for sure.

Speaker F: I really like on the bottom of the page that talks about the from warehouse storage offer solutions. We've got you sorted.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker F: So if I want to read that, so if I wanted to see that's on the bottom of the page, that is correct.

Speaker C: That's just on our footer. Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker F: Yeah. I'm wondering myself just being a bit curious than if I was thinking because of the office solution. So I'm wondering if that was somewhere up, would that be perhaps, I don't know, it's just like I quite like that stuff there. But then I'm not sure then if, yeah, I'll just wonder if there'll be some space up above just to highlight it a little bit better. Yeah. Yeah. That'll be my only thoughts here at the moment.

Speaker B: Yeah. But it looks very Really good, good point. You could even, because this, this here first, I was a bit like, what exactly are all these logos? And then this summarizes what these logos are all about. So you could even take this and just add this as a headline here on this banner and make it bigger, make it bigger, and not using the handwritten font, but using, you know, the same font like this one, for example, or this font here, make it nice and strong, make it stronger. So from warehouse to origin to office, blah blah blah. We got you covered. And then here I can see, oh cool, okay, they got all this stuff here.

Speaker D: That's excellent.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker B: Awesome work. Thanks, Fran, also. And that brings us to Fran. Did you want to share your question? I've got your—

Speaker F: yeah, so for myself, I've been saying I've been a bit of a learning process for myself here. So I think the flyer, I think I'm quite happy how the flyer is sitting at the moment. I think it's, uh, um, there's way less words to be reading. I think it looks a lot more, uh, encouraging, I guess, appealing out there. So I think I'm quite happy as it is. Um, then the downside of it perhaps, and then again, if someone has any other further comments, feedback, always, um, welcome to keep adjusting to it. And then when I land on the page to where people will be doing the booking, so for myself now it feels a little bit like, yeah, the flyer looks quite elegant, but then when I land on this page here, I'm not sure if it's having the same flow of impact perhaps.

Speaker B: And, and I agree. I think the flyer is, it's so, it makes me feel, you know, so much calmer and really good. And I can now follow along and go like, yeah, really good. The, the only thing quickly on this, and maybe anyone else wants to share feedback. So when I go to here, we'll go to the HumanTix. Yeah, it will go to this event page here. Yeah, sometimes, sometimes I feel like maybe if you say click here for more information and to register, might be a bit softer because, you know, sometimes when you click on things, you're automatically registered and you're like, I don't know yet if I want to go. So if you can soften this and say click here for more information. Yeah, even, or for more information and to register, I think that will be a bit of a softer version. And then this here, we might just scroll through this here. I'm not sure if it's for you also. It looks a little bit unsharp. It looks a little tiny bit grainy, low resolution, this image, but I'm not sure if that's just me or anyone else too. So if you can—

Speaker F: yeah, it does look like that. I did do the stuff on the canvas, and then when it came across, it didn't quite come as nice. So that's something I need to keep working on. Yep.

Speaker C: Are you better off having that not as an image so that Google can read the text on it?

Speaker F: Pardon, Emma?

Speaker C: Are you better off having that not as an image but as text on the website so Google can read it?

Speaker B: I think on the HumanTics website it doesn't matter too much. It's usually a good point. I think on the HumanTics website it doesn't matter that much. On his own website, it matters. But here we have pretty much copy anyway. And it will be hard for him to recreate this in the HumanTics thing exactly as it looks.

Speaker C: Sorry, I didn't realize that.

Speaker B: Yeah, no, but otherwise it would be a good idea. So maybe what we do is we scroll through this structure here and then we can look at if there are any improvements that can be made. So I'll go through it and then if anyone wants to jump in, please do. You know, already little tiny things which won't be too hard to change in here is these could be bullet points. Yeah. Very easy. Just they're pretty much all bullet points.

Speaker D: Or your little blue heart. We talked about how you could use your heart.

Speaker B: Yes, it was a good thing. Maybe an emoji. Yeah. Great idea. Little blue. And that's very easy. Just go to like emoji, you know, just copy paste an emoji from any of these. I sometimes go like emoji, like today I needed an emoji for something and you can just go in here and say blue heart and then click here and then just copy it and then you can just go back into this and add it here, paste it in here. The other thing I'm not 100% sure about, but I'm happy to hear other people's feedback is everything seems bold. Bolded text. I wonder if this could be unbolded and then just, we just bold the bits that are important.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Again, these probably could be bullet points, right?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And these could be bullet points too. I love this testimonial. Mother. Is— do we have a name, or can you use a name? Or I find mother a bit weird, just mother. Who's mother?

Speaker F: Probably my mother. We probably could put a name there.

Speaker B: Yeah, you don't have to put a whole name, but you can just say Francisca I or whatever, you know, like—

Speaker F: yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And then you can say if you want as a You know, Francisca I, mother, you know, that's fine, but not just maybe mother. Yeah. Like you do it, you did it here. Emma, behavior support practitioner. Yeah. Yeah. And same here. You did it exactly.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then, yeah, I would probably unbolt this text too. It's really good. Really good. Have you tested it?

Speaker F: Pardon?

Speaker B: Have you tested this landing page?

Speaker F: Yeah, as in testing, as in—

Speaker B: Have you run it already? Have you had people coming to this page?

Speaker F: Yeah, yeah, yeah, people have been looking into it. Yeah.

Speaker B: Is it converting? Do you get bookings?

Speaker F: Yeah, yeah, we've got 5 bookings.

Speaker B: Oh, cool. I think it's really good. Here, if possible, I wonder if you have a picture of Amy and you that you could add here.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: I think it's because it's such a personal, you know, thing that people buy from people, especially in your space. So it would be nice to see the faces. Yeah.

Speaker F: The other thing I'm also wondering, given that the approach is something Australian-made, I should say Australian-Brazilian because I'm still a Brazilian citizen. I'm not an Australian citizen yet. So I'm wondering then if there will be any advantage if it was to say this is something born in Australia, sort of speaking, or if that'll be, I don't know, it's not me. Yeah, it was just the one that I'll be sort of, because there's so many ideas coming all floating around. And a lot of the, the behavior management that sits in Australia is coming from America.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker F: And so, but I'm not sure if I'm that stage yet. So, so anyway, I just—

Speaker B: I don't think in this space it's— I don't think Australia has a reputation for being particularly amazing at these things. It's probably a bit more old school than Europe or the US. Generally, so I probably wouldn't use that as an advantage.

Speaker F: Yeah, except that at the moment, the current method being used that came from America, there's a lot of question marks, question marks, including the NDIS no longer wanting to approve those therapies for those particular methodologies there. And so naturally at the moment, Australia maybe feels like, where do we go from here?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker F: Yeah. But anyway, so that's just a little thought. So, yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think it's necessary. Here I will probably number these, you know, why should you consider Calmr, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. For more information. I think that's really nice too. Maybe make this a bit smaller. Yep. I think that's really lovely. Make it a bit, yeah, just a bit smaller. I think it's really good. Does anyone else have any feedback? It's such an improvement from the past, from, you know, a few months ago even, or a few weeks ago. Let me know if anyone else would like to. Here we go. Kat, can you provide the link? Oh, that's so nice. Can you provide the link? I'm happy to share it in my network. I'll pop it in there. That's really nice. Kat, thank you. Really good, really awesome work, Fran. Does anyone else want to share anything on this one? I think you're nailing it.

Speaker E: It's—

Speaker B: the structure is great, the flow. It's easy to now read and jump to the headings that I want to jump to if I want to read the outline or if I want to see what people are saying. It's really good. Awesome. Great. Yeah, Sarah, it's easy to read now and to absorb information. I agree. Really awesome work.

Speaker F: Brilliant. Thank you.

Speaker D: I'll keep it up, everyone.

Speaker B: Oh yeah, thank you for, you know, putting so much awesome work into this. It's paying off. Yeah, well done. Great. That was the last question that we had for today, and we're right on time. Because we're pretty good at this stuff. Hey, we got Clever Punch week this week. So I will see you either on Thursday, some of you, some of you on Friday.

Speaker F: Brilliant.

Speaker B: Can't wait. Have an amazing week and we'll see you then.

Speaker D: What's on Thursday?

Speaker B: Thursday is session 4, Clever Punch. So people are at different stages. Thursday's session 4, Clever Bunch, which is the funnel, and Friday session 9.

Speaker E: Got it. Okay. I just didn't know if I missed something for Thursday. Okay.

Speaker B: No, let me see if you missed anything.

Speaker E: No, I'm on Friday session.

Speaker B: Friday session is yours, and then Monday is Genius Bunch. Yeah. So the ones, Kat, etc., you should all know Genius Bunch is on Monday, and it's going to be a really good session too.

Speaker D: Excellent.

Speaker F: Francesca, I won't be able to make Friday. I'm at a field day on Friday, Saturday, Sunday.

Speaker B: Oh, do you? Yeah, that's right. You can do a makeup session. So if you email Heidi and say, hey, I'm not here Friday, can, can you send me the date for the next one? Then you just come to that. It'll be in a few months.

Speaker F: Great, thank you.

Speaker D: And there's a recording as well though too, isn't there?

Speaker B: Yeah, you can watch recording, and then if you say, hey, I also want to do the live session, then you can also do that.

Speaker E: Brilliant. Thank you.

Speaker B: Awesome. All right, team, have an amazing week. Awesome work as always.

Speaker D: Thank you.

Speaker B: Bye-bye.