Speaker A: For our advisory board sessions, as always, feel free to jump in at any point in time. If you want to come off mute, sing out, imagine we're in the room together and we are working like a group of, you know, a mastermind together to help one another. So you all have experience, unique experience that you bring to these meetings. So it's awesome to hear from your experience as well or any insights, opinions, or anything you want to share when I'm giving feedback to anyone else. Sometimes you might have experience, or you might just have an opinion on something we're looking at, and it's nice to hear. Keeping in mind, there's no right or wrong or good or bad or any judgment on anything you share throughout a session with Basic Bananas as well, because sometimes, you know, it might be an idea you think, oh, this is a terrible idea. It's good to share it because it might lead us to an awesome idea. So that is all good. We have a few questions have been sent through today. So quite a bigger session today. So we'll roll through. Sharon's got a few there. We'll roll through. Sharon, you're first up. And we'll roll through your question. So 3 different sort of parts to your question there that Heidi has sent through, but I'll read them out since I've got the actual emails here, but it'd be a bit long to include it all in the in the slides. So we're gonna come to you first and have a little chat here. So feel free as well, Sharon, to— I'm not sure if you've been on an advisory board session before, one of these ones, but you feel free to kind of elaborate or explain, you know, the situation and so on as well. But basically, So the two— correct me if I'm wrong as well, Sharon— the two main things Sharon provides, if for everyone on here, is skateboard coaching, as you can see on the slide here, and also basically working like personal lessons, tutoring for students, uni students, and so on, and children, and so on. So kind of like the tutoring and the skateboarding at these, the main two big chunks and a little bit of a challenge going on. We need to get the cash flow up. So main concerns here are working at the moment, charging $200 an hour and not getting a lot of repeat business at the moment at this price point. How do we make sure they keep coming back? How do we justify this pricing? And so on. So what you've written there, Sharon, in terms of like the target audience, that all looks good. The offering at the moment, you're offering in-person and online lessons over Zoom and email, primarily the skateboarding and the tutoring, the school tutoring. And you also offer over 40 different diverse educational services in your business. Now you want to change your business to become higher earning, primarily online and hands-off. Basically to make more from online courses, programs and things. So less of your time. And you've popped your goals in there. They're all good. What I think, hey, Krista.

Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just not sure why the, seems to be better now, but the slideshow wasn't the screen sharing wasn't happening, but I think it's just come back on now. So that's good.

Speaker A: Cool. It's just that slide for now. I'll bring, I can drag your email across as I roll through so we can see what I'm discussing. Now, the, so this one with some of my notes in it, and this is your first email. So you got your goals and so on. You want to get it up to like $500 an hour and, and, you know, and then have bigger programs as well. Now it all makes sense. There's gonna be a few stepping stones.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Well, just been primarily like online, like, you know, like a yearly subscription sort of thing. And so then The idea being that people go more for that rather than, um, the ones rather than, um, you know, things that are requiring my physical, physical, like, body, my time, my location. Instead of that, they're going for online with, like, me, um, me as, like, a virtual coach sort of thing, moving more towards, like, a big yearly package rather than hourly one-on-one lessons.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yep. Okay, and that makes sense. It's similar to what I did many, many moons back, like, I don't even know, about 10 or 12, 13 years ago. I put my hourly rate to $1,000 an hour for one-on-ones. Some people still book for booking, and then it actually went up higher where it's like you can't book only 3-hour blocks for $4,900. But the—

Speaker B: that's, that's crazy to me because like I know one other Olympian well, he was BMX. I think he got to the Olympics. He was some, you know, like basically at the top of BMX. I know he was charging about $200 an hour. And then there was another one that's also been extremely competitive, and he was about $100 odd. Um, so I thought I was definitely at the top end, but I'm coming from the perspective of experience and degrees and having previously taught taught people. But really, for me to have so many degrees and stuff in skateboarding field as a teacher is, you know, incredibly unique. So it's more from experience, skills, qualifications that I was getting it.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's kind of— there is a lot to do. Like, you're gonna— um, because what you can do once your programs are set up, it is easier to then make like a higher hourly rate for one-on-ones. Because you realistically are gonna want to be pushing people to the level. And then the school tutoring would stay at $200 to $300 an hour, which obviously with pricing, some things like you've just said, like the guys with BMX, you know, being Olympians and so on, there's certain things where you, people see the value they're gonna get and you kind of have to justify it. So like the, The, the thing that gets tricky is with pricing is someone's looking at their, their skateboarding or BMX, or even me, I surf coached back in the day, so I know it all too well, like was providing surf coaching. And, um, there's a limit on so much people will pay. Like if you're going to help somebody with one, you know, or two things in a skateboarding lesson, there's a limit on what they're going to pay. Whereas you're on the right track if you start to have a program where it might be like a hybrid, have like a one-to-one, you know, once a month, but they then get online extra value and courses and training that doesn't take your time over and over. And then you can suddenly start to charge a lot more and reduce your, your face-to-face time.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then they're getting more value. Do you know what I mean? So suddenly it's like, well, you're only doing 1 hour face-to-face per month, but you're actually making $1,000 a month or something. And so it starts to work once you've got the resources built up. So what I was thinking initially here is something you need to sort of start working on is, I've just put it in the kind of highlight. These are just my notes in here. Create a list of all the basically the kind of coaching, I guess, methods you do, like the main things. Like it might be like how your stance on the board, your body positioning, then you know, tic-tacking, then basic ramp, then whatever maneuver, grind, like just like it's almost like creating a list and then you start to put it into a bit of a sequential program that it makes.

Speaker B: I do have something like that already because I had to register, um, register as an, like, an Active Kids provider a million years ago, and so there was a program made for that. Um, and then I've also, because Maybe next week I want to start filming some videos that can be for the beginner instruction, um, for the online course. And, uh, that'd be like 10 to 15 videos. And of that, because of that, I've written down, you know, like the skills I want to cover just for that lot.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's good. So that's kind of what you need to do. It's almost like then it might be like beginner ones, you know, intermediate, then more advanced, and then it might be advanced on a bowl, advanced on the street, advanced ramp, whatever. Like, um, but that's, it's kind of like, it's like how we would have built the Clever Bunch originally. It's like we work out what are all the things we can help someone in business. We'll put out all the, like, the main sort of areas and baseline, like the bones of everything we can do. Obviously there's going to be variables on that that are impossible to add everything because like on say a session like today advisory board, This is where we can be there to mentor. We don't know what's gonna happen. There can be, you know, questions which aren't in the course, which is fine. But you try and get the, like, the bulk of it down, the, the, the bones of it where, you know, sequentially this will help someone really improve. So that you can start to turn it into a program and then obviously filming what you're doing, which is, is great to start because as you film too, I'll get to later, you can start to create some resources to market yourself even more. So I'll just get ahead of myself a little bit. Like when you're filming, a great way for you to market is to teach to sell.

Speaker B: So, hey, sorry, it just, it actually like froze and dropped out for quite a few minutes there.

Speaker A: You'll get the recording as well. I think I was all right for everyone else. Just so I don't repeat over and over and yeah, everyone else. Okay. Yeah. So I'll keep, I'll keep rolling Sharon, but if just know that the recording's gonna go in the member site in case um, if it's freezing for you. I think it might be just on your end.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, I can't remember what the last thing was saying, but I think I missed quite a bit.

Speaker A: Okay. Okay. I'll keep rolling so it'll be clear in the recording.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: So, um, because when you were filming, like, a method which, uh, it is great for coaching and, and in any sport, or like myself, even in business, a lot of our marketing method is to teach. So you'll see a lot of our social media content and so on. It might be us teaching something. Here's 3 tips for you to set your pricing. Here's 3 tips for you to do. Here's 5 tips to do that. So you yourself, when you're creating these resources, would be good to keep in mind, maybe chop up little parts of it that you can actually use in your marketing as well. Because that's the kind of content, when I looked at your social media, it's, it's kind of missing. It's not like, why would I follow the page? Like there's great testimonials you're posting and there's student examples,, but just some sort of like, here's 3 things to do to whatever, correct your stance or something like, and then you put those sort of things on YouTube, then you put them on your social media, and then you suddenly you've got this content to be found. And then one other thing I think that's a big one for you is, and this one I don't expect the answer right this second. There's a lot about it. I just, this one here, you need to clarify what you specialize in so people can understand it. Skateboarding is great. There's a sort of blur between like skateboarding and tutoring. So I know it's, it's different things, right? For us, we're simple customers. For you, you might see it as the same thing because I know you've mentioned a lot where like you help them with skateboarding, but you help them with their whole life skills and their confidence and their tutoring, you know, their, their math results probably as a result of their skateboarding. But for us, it's a different thing because we're like the, the customers where we need to kind of like Where do I file your business in my brain? What you do? I file you in skateboarding, but then you say tutoring. It's like, oh, right, you're doing tutoring on the side as well.

Speaker B: Yeah. The problem is I do a lot. So like 40 different things in one business.

Speaker A: Yeah. You do 40 different things and that 40 different things to us as well is confusing. So this is what we nearly need to nail down because I saw it as well in the, the social media profiles and so on as well. It's kind of like the 40 different things. Look, over 40 different services plus more. We don't know what that means. So it's kind of like you need to help. It's like you need to, we need to file you in our brain. Where do I file you? I file you under skateboarding and then the rest becomes a little bit confusing. So if it was just like plus school and uni tutoring, because what What happens is with any service provider like, like yourself, like a professional in something, there's this balance between being very general, like doing too much of everything and not general as in I'm not saying that you do low quality, like it might be amazing quality, but it's across a lot of areas. It's like, whereas someone who's specialized in something specific can actually charge more. Now there's less customers in the specific space,, but you can charge more. Like a friend of mine, where was I? I was at a business, uh, event and he said, hey, I need to quit smoking. Very specific thing. And he's like looking on his phone in the conference. I'm sitting next to him and he says, my daughters are getting older. I promised them I'd quit this weekend, you know? And he's just like, what the hell am I gonna do? He looked up a hypnotist. I found a hypnotist that said quit smoking. I think it was $5,000 or something like, there was something ridiculous. And the initial one-to-one was 45 minutes or something. And then there was a bit of online support., and he, and the review said the reviews look great. I have to do this. It was like he was paying to commit to himself, but he paid and he went and had this, did it and he quit. Um, now if the hypnotist said, you know, we'll help you with your confidence, your study, your quitting smoking, losing weight, better sleep, that, uh, he wouldn't, he didn't choose that one. He chose one that was very specific. So there's just this, I know this and this is gonna be a challenge for you. I can sense it a lot already because there's a lot that you provide.

Speaker B: But if we can— Yeah, I have heard a lot about separating skating and tutoring in my advertising. And there's always a thing with the tax office because I'm employed in skateboarding, but I've got my skateboarding business, and I'm like, these are two different things. And my accountant's like, no, no, the tax office says they're exactly the same.

Speaker A: And I'm like, but they're not the same. Yeah. Well, you're, yeah, so that I think they're sort of different things. You could be that they're like products. The other alternative is like there's different ways to kind of niche. If you imagine this now, let's imagine that you can niche to like verticals, like as if like a vertical is like a demographic. So suddenly you're niching to teenagers. You could go your niche is teenagers. And then you have cross sections where you go, what do you do for the teenagers? So it's like, I like help with skateboarding. I help with tutoring for school, help with confidence, life confidence, you know. So you've got these different offerings for this kind of vertical or you just go purely across section where it's like, look, I'm a specific skateboarding or it's specifically math tutoring or something. And that's where you go kind of like a cross section where it's like I'm targeting these problems if that makes sense. So rather than, if you did purely niche to a customer, it could make more sense to go, I have skateboarding, I have tutoring, I have so on. But if you're doing it to specific problems like positioning the business or desires or wants that people have, then it's like they're separate things. They need to be separated out rather than like, here's my different services for this specific customer, if that makes sense. We nut it out further for you because I know today's gonna— I knew when I was reading through these questions.

Speaker B: Yeah. So So do you think like if I made a document that's like in each, each service, this is what I do sort of thing? Like just kind of like a big, a big Word document with explaining each service more?

Speaker A: Explaining even just a very high level, like just a little touch. But is there, and if what you need to try and probably think about too is if there's recurring kind of like the most common customers that have come to you have come to you for this. If there's something you can sort of narrow down a little bit more, or where you feel like you're the best at providing, you know, skateboarding is clear, we know what that is, but the tutoring side is a bit more confusing. You know, the most people come to you for tutoring in this, or they're at this age, like try and look for common things with the customers that you tend to be attracting would be good. And then yeah, just like a list of everything you can, you tend to do would be good. Because for us it's sort of like you need a hook on these profiles and so on. It's like if it says, you know, over 40 different things, it just doesn't, it doesn't mean anything. It needs to be clearer, basically. So yeah, look like over 40 diverse educational services for all ages. We don't know what that means. Like you might, that, it's too general. That might be that you're providing how to tie your shoelaces. Like, I don't know what the education is all about and so on.

Speaker B: So, um, yeah, it's just, you can only fit, you know, you've only got a tiny amount of words there. I know, and you never fit all 40, but it might be just, even if it just said as clear as like, like, yeah, there's like, there's actually like a pinned post at the top that's like a sticker that lists every single um, every single service I offer. It's like a bumper sticker. It's somewhere, but I think it's on Instagram, but it's, you know, pinned right at the top, and that's like a list of services.

Speaker A: And yeah, it might be this one here. You're, um, we need a short, like, it's like one paragraph I should be able to read and go, okay, now I get what she does. You know what I mean? Like, even just a headline, even if this one just had Simply at the top as well, rather than starting with over the educational services. If it said skateboard, you know, tutoring from beginner to advanced, you know, and it could be at the moment that you're, while you're still working at all, and, you know, tutoring for school age and university students, something like that. Just so we get, oh, you do that for those people. It could kind of help us get a bit of clarity straight away. Let me just keep rolling because I think it'll, as I roll through more, it might help. Because your next, you also asked like, hey, I need to get some cash fast because obviously cash flow is an issue at the moment. Something you could do, you've got some great testimonials, but you could do a little, so rather than charging less, you can keep your price what it is, but to get cash in quick, sometimes with services, it can be a good idea to do a bit of a promo, like make a discounted, hey, I'm gonna do a special discount. So my sessions are still $200 per per hour. However, I'm going to take 5 clients at 50% off, you know, to apply now or for anyone, you know, during the, as long as you sign up during the month of February. So people need a deadline and they need some sort of incentive to, to give a bit of a kick up the butt to, to book in. So if you could do that, even send that to kind of all past customers or people that haven't, you know, rebooked at the moment to try and get some business back in the door. And then typically what I'd say is then if you, even if you did some free ones, if you know some people where you do a couple of free sessions, you provide me a testimonial and then try and roll them obviously to continuing on with paid sessions. Because the, the online resources are going to take a little bit of time. It's not like a quick cash, quick cash win, but you need to, you know, keep basically building that in parallel with trying to get some quick cash. And then once again, I was just sort of similar feedback on this part of your question. How do I attract higher paying clientele with, it's once again with the very specific kind of benefit, the specific offering. And then obviously your social proof, your testimonials, which are good. You've got really good testimonials and you got quite a lot. There might be also like a little bit of about you a little bit more. There's some little tweaks Like, people often wonder, like, who are you? Do you know what I mean? Like, with things like the Instagram, Facebook has a bit more, but, and you've got that post there, but where they actually see that. So it could be worth just adding in a little bit, a little bit more kind of about you. You got the locations, you got the contact info, there's a little bit of 5-star rated.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's why there's that like really big long post that's about me and that's pinned on top of Instagram, pinned on top of Facebook, pinned in Google. So it's meant to be kind of like the first thing you see.

Speaker A: But yeah, but you know what I mean? Like I land here, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't click on it because I start scrolling and looking at these. Yeah, right. Also, you're just like I was saying before, like some videos on like here's how to do this or how to do that. I did one that this is embarrassing, so nobody Let's see if I can find them actually. So many years ago, I created an automated, basically surf coaching business. So this is like probably 10. Here we go. Here's Christo with hair. So for example, let's have a look. So this is me here with hair. Teaching surfing lessons on the beach. Now what I did with this one is I made a very specific surfing tip, how to stand up on a surfboard. Now just have a look. Oh, that's 15 years ago. So you can see when I did it and then I had a website called Your Surf Coach where people would land on, they could opt in to get 5 free more advanced surfing videos that you had to opt in and then it sold them a course where they could get a series of about 20 online videos. So fully automated., which would make me money. I wanted to pull these all down and one of my teams said no, they help so many people, leave them. So that's why I'm like, this is embarrassing. Um, but basically look at that video. I'll just, without just skimming, 78,000 views. This one's had 1,600 views, you know, another 1,800, 7,600.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: So basically I've gotta put something out there for free to get something back.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. 8,000 views. Now what I put in these is Um, then I just feel like there's a lot of competition.

Speaker B: Oh, of course there is, in terms of like videos of how to skate.

Speaker A: Yeah, credibility as well, because I want to look you up and I want to learn something. There's nothing— you know what I mean? I want to see the tips. You'd create a couple of tips, you'd put them on your social media, and you put them on YouTube as well. And then what you do— see this in YouTube, this is good for everyone to see as well— every video has a link check yoursurfcoach.com for lots of free surf lessons, you know, da da da. So that link there links them to the website, which is a free traffic source for that website. Cool. That one, there you go. So if anyone wants some surfing tips, I pulled down the website years ago because I was like, I'm not maintaining it. And it wasn't, you know, it did make money, but not a lot. Anyway, and I didn't want to maintain it anymore. Okay, I'll close that off. Let me just double check how we've gone with the rest of your— yeah, just a couple of things with your social media profiles. So the banner on Facebook, there's things to include would be like the branding, like you need like a little— be good to have a logo if you haven't got one already, logo created, and then some sort of like a tagline or a headline or a hook. So on this banner, the image, you can actually add some text. It's good to have like a logo so it looks credible. And so Freedom Skate School, you could get a logo created and then a bit of text where it says something like Freedom Skate School and school coaching, you know, advancing you, your skateboarding from beginner to advanced and, you know, school tutoring, like just a little bit about it. And then take also a snippet from a testimonial and just find like it could be like one line and you overlay that on the image as well. So it's all part of the image, you upload it and then there's a bit of credibility from a snippet from a testimonial and your branding and a bit of a sort of a hook headline sitting there. The, oh, on Google there's a bit more. I said, look at images and go through the prompts to hot it up on Google Business Listing. Where is it? Oh, here. So there's, if when you log in now in Google Business Listing, it takes you through a few things. It can say like, hey, do you want to provide images of your products? Like, and inside the business or like, so basically what you could do is just work through those prompts, share a few more, like images yourself. So it's like these are lesson images and da da da da, you got quite a few there, but it, for some reason it didn't like list them as part of the, like on the actual profile when I was looking at it.

Speaker B: Yeah, there's a lot of stuff that's really old that I haven't really been able to update, like prices and services. It just doesn't seem to let me. So, And then I've done a few things where I'm like, things are happening on Facebook and Instagram.

Speaker A: Like, I have logged in, but it just doesn't seem to do what I want to do. Okay. Yeah, it can take time with Google. I know it's a bit weird, confusing. Every time I want to do something on Google Business, I'm like, where, how do I get in again? And find, you know, it's like, because you don't touch it for a year or, but it would be good to just go in and just look through the steps, the different fields that you can can update.

Speaker B: It does, it does say that that's all done. It says it's like, you know, 90, 90, you know, like 100% complete.

Speaker A: Yeah, right. It might say photos of like your services and stuff, but that's when you can use images like that little one that's up there.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think they've already got that attached to the services, right? Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then what did I say over here about your Oh yeah. And then with Instagram, same thing as I mentioned before, like demonstrations of like skate, how-to type videos, you know, would be good to include. Once again, this kind of like teach to sell approach, which I was mentioning before. You do the goals and everything, it all looks good. Things might adjust obviously because you're a small operation at the moment. So things might tweak and change and, you know, different goals adjust along the way and some might get bigger, some might get smaller or some might get dropped. But it would be good to get a website at some point. You could set up with a, you know, say like a WordPress website or get someone online to do one. There's a website called Upwork where you can pay people to do just about anything online and people have like reviews and how good they are. So you could try and find a developer to do something on there. And that will give you the flexibility then to add, you know, your videos and say like a sign-in area later, like protected password, protected pages and things. You mentioned this one about getting people to sign risk waivers, but also, yeah, you don't want to spend more cash flow.

Speaker B: You might, yeah, because I've got paper. It's just because I was thinking that because in the paper thing they write their email and stuff. So basically, for me to do the email program, I'd be going back through millions of papers, writing, putting each email into the email program. But if I've got the waiver thing, then the email will go straight to the program. And, and something where it's like, I don't know, terms and conditions and agree to the waiver and all this stuff built into the website, which is a lot of technological stuff that I don't really know how to do.

Speaker A: You could use JotForms. JotForms I don't know, on the, I have a paid like level with them. It's not, it's not expensive, but, um, JotForms, I know, do forms you can like, people have to sign and you can set up like tick boxes and you can also set up payments and things for people. JotForms is pretty, pretty handy. Um, so you could have a play, maybe check out JotForms.

Speaker C: Um, I use, um, Signwell, Signwell. Well, W-E-L-L, because I have my entertainers that need to fill in contracts and then equipment supplies and they have to tick each box and it's good. It's actually really easy.

Speaker A: I'm not good at that stuff and it's really easy. So that's a great option there. Thank you. Yeah, SignWell sounds good. And then, Sharon, otherwise this all looks good that, you know, the brand, this is the brand voice builder that you've gone through with ChatGPT. So that all looks good. Yeah, there's a bit of stuff we've gone through there, but you've got, so mainly getting, yeah, getting those offerings clear in terms of what you, you know, can provide and starting to build that out and then sort of pushing some sort of promo to get some quick sales right now would be a good one to move towards as well.

Speaker B: Yeah, just cut out again then when the person was just saying about something. When they said I use something and then it cut out.

Speaker A: Okay. Review the recording for this one because I'm not sure where it jumped in. Yeah, but nice work and feel free to, to make changes and resubmit, you know, different pieces and parts of this as we go. So it's a, I know, hopefully it hasn't made too much work for you today and I know it's not, you know, like a crystal clear because there's a bit of, there's things that need.

Speaker B: Would you be able to send me that document that you answer the questions on?

Speaker A: Possibly. Yeah. Thanks. No worries at all. So Heidi will email that through to you. Thank you. Awesome work and nice work throwing it all together. So it'll come clean at some point. You'll have it all worked out. But I know it's a lot to work out initially. Nice work. Cool. And then we will jump next to our next question. Let me just check.

Speaker B: Cathy, it is for you. Yeah, thank you everybody for being so patient because that was a lot of information. That was like half an hour of information just on me.

Speaker C: So sorry everybody, but thank you. It was all good. We learned from it as well. And I like listening to Christo. I, I like what you were saying.

Speaker A: It was good, good info. Cathy, you're just gonna get the best feedback now. Look at that. She knows, she knows how to warm me up for the— when she has the next question. Yeah. Cool. So your question, that's up to you. Yeah. And no worries, Sharon. That's how we work. That's how we roll. Some weeks you have a lot of feedback. Some weeks you jump on, you have nothing, you're listening, you know, it's all good. That's, that's how we roll. Everyone understands business is up and down and ebbs and flows. So all good. Cool. So You are asking, actually, before this part, I wanna know if this is where to update the page title. So Kathy, for anyone else who's on here, Kathy did the SEO and AI, like, how to rank in search engines basically and how to rank in AI searches module of the Clever Bunch last week. So now she's wanting to update the page title in the website. And from what I can see, so you're using a different plugin, which is called— where's the name of it gone? Math, Rank Math plugin. Rank Math. From what I can see here, you've asked, is this where I update the page title? The second one looks correct to me. So because this one here might be like headline or something, see how you're in pages, this first screenshot?

Speaker C: Yes. So that's just a page and then I just scrolled to the bottom and then I saw that.

Speaker A: Yeah. I don't think this is the correct one. This one, when you've clicked on the little kind of widget on the side here and you probably clicked, did you click edit snippet here to get this?

Speaker C: I think I did actually.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Oh no, that edit snippet was the one before. Sorry. If you, Yeah, just where I circled in blue on the Rank Math. No, go back to the Rank Math. Yeah. And just next to it, that says social, whatever it says before. Yeah, I clicked on that anyway.

Speaker A: It doesn't matter, but yeah. Yeah, this is looking right here. See how it says title and description? Yeah. What you'll, you'll be able to tell very quickly because as soon as you update, it might even, you might even need to click like Rank Math SEO General and then edit snippet, but it looks like you found it. Yeah. The, what you'll be able to tell is the, which is the other part of your question, is that the page title's been updated. See these on the tabs above here, you can see the dropdown and it shows me that text at the top. That's the page title. You'll be able to tell very quickly if it's updated because whatever you write in there and you click save, then you go to the page, it'll appear there. So it'll be instant, like it'll be as soon as you've saved it in the website, you type it in, click save, give it a moment to load. And it'll appear.

Speaker C: You asked about Safari. Oh yeah, I think that was the, that was just the example you used. You said I'm on Safari and, oh yeah, that's right.

Speaker A: Sorry, I was on Firefox.

Speaker C: Do you, what do you use? Oh, I use lots of different browsers, but I have Firefox too.

Speaker A: Yeah. I'm the same. Firefox, it will do this, like what I've got at the top there. Yeah, it will expand and show it if you search show page title, and then it'll give you the—

Speaker C: like, if I just— that's what I wanted to know. So you go into Firefox and you just basically ask show page title.

Speaker A: Yeah, how to show page title Firefox. Here you go. Okay. Right-click an empty space in the bar, customize toolbar. So right-click an empty space at the top here. I got so many tabs open. Customize toolbar. So it's gonna just work through the steps there. Okay. On, on, well, if you were on Safari, I think the easiest way to do it, the only way I know is just a little bit of a workaround is you just open a new tab. And then see now it's got it there for the other website I've got open. So in this one, if I've got two tabs, it shows it on the tab there. There is a, yeah, and otherwise there is a, you can go to in Safari if you go Safari settings. So I'm just in Safari. All I've done is click Safari settings and then there's, and there's main menus, there's a tabs one here and there's one that says Always show website titles in tabs. See that? If that— so that there could be the possibility of—

Speaker C: so make sure that's ticked. Okay. So when I do it, I should—

Speaker A: yeah, I should be able to see it. And then, yeah, and then you'll be able to see it right away. Like, if I went into Basic Bananas backend now, I changed the page title of this homepage, wait, click save, let it load for a couple of seconds, it That'll be updated right away.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: That was good. And the other part is that— Yeah. Go. Sorry. And then you asked if these pages are okay to focus your keywords. You wanted to target a kids party entertainment and kids party entertainers. And is it okay to focus on these pages with your Basically the kids disco parties.

Speaker C: Yep. So that is like more of a, those two examples I gave you, they're more of a menu page obviously, cuz it's just, you click on the thing. There's a specialty parties and the other ones are disco parties. And I thought just under that I'd put a paragraph talking about kids entertainers and on the other page talking about kids entertainment. Yeah. Just so I can put in those two keywords because I think that's what I need to do.

Speaker A: Or do you think I just somewhere figure out another page and call it kids? I do it, do it on these ones because the more it's on different pages anyway, it's gonna help the kind of like overall rankings for the site for these terms. So do it on these pages as well. And then what, because it would make sense to me for sure if you did kids party entertainers, that should be a title on the like team page or about us or, or who we are kind of page. Do you know what I mean? Maybe that one really target like kids' party entertainers. Yeah. About, about our, you know, entertainers kind of page.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. So yeah, because if you scan down that page now, I thought I could just, yeah, do like a paragraph before the Book now, inquire now, or something.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, another one of my skills is birthday parties. Oh, birthday parties, skateboarding, scooter riding birthday parties.

Speaker C: Okay, but don't take my customers, okay?

Speaker A: No, definitely not. I'm only joking.

Speaker C: Don't worry, even my own kids don't want a Bok Choy Drop party every year. We want different things every year.

Speaker A: I know, can you believe it?

Speaker B: Rude. I think, I think it's— this looks great, by the way.

Speaker A: This looks exciting.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Skateboard lesson followed by disco party combo. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But no, definitely you can add, you can add it in here and it makes sense anyway because it's like a, you could have a section. It's, it's almost like a little content block here, which is normal on this kind of page, which might say something like about our entertainers. You know, a kids' party entertainer, our entertainers are whatever, qualified, experienced entertainers. So you could easily whack that in this page, which is both good content for customer and also good content for search.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Cause I'm gonna fix up all the titles and then put the keyword and have different keywords on it. I remember all the stuff that we said. I think just one last thing, shot, the one that you think the page title is. Yeah. Next to that, actually next to, so the blue circle that says social, next to that says schema. Yeah. And yeah, because so in the schema, and actually has schema is used because we talked about schema, and then I can click on an article and I can put in articles on these things.

Speaker A: Should I do that? You can click on an article and then you mean update these fields for the article or what were you?

Speaker C: I'm sorry. No, when you click on the schema, Oh, yeah.

Speaker B: Here.

Speaker C: Yeah. Sorry. I did send it. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. Will that help? Yeah, it will. What, what you'll, what'll happen here, it looks like there's a merge field. So it looks like the headline is being pulled here basically by whatever you're doing for that title. So whatever you put in here, the title is gonna get pulled across to, to here by the looks of it. I don't use this plugin, but what it looks like is see how it scrolled down. Like, there'd be more to, see article type, it probably says article, or then it says, I don't know, it might say blog, or it might say page or something. If it is an article, you just make sure it selects article. Yeah.

Speaker C: Because I paid for this plugin and I'm just like, oh, what's this plugin? Oh, this might be what Kristo's talking about.

Speaker A: I knew I paid for it, but I'm just like, I've gotta start using this stuff. Yeah. I think it's, it's pretty much gonna do the job for you by the looks of what's here. It's likely automatically gonna do it. You might not even need to update these. It might have sort of automagically done it.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Well, we'll see.

Speaker A: I'll start working on it.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Cool. Okay. And then put the way you can test this too is you can put some, you can either leave it or just double check this page, like take this page's URL, the published page's URL, and then whack it into that rich test results, Google rich test results test to see what it finds.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Article.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Because in that rich test results, you can put certain pages, can't you? Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. Not just the whole website.

Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Cool. Yeah. Thank you. Anyone wondering what we're talking about, there's this Google You're welcome. Platform, and then it'll tell you how, what AI is kind of like finding for the page. It's almost like, how will AI know that it's a business or think it's a personal blog? Or does it think it's an article? Does it know the business name? Does it know the phone number, the address and things? So that's that one where you can test your site.

Speaker C: Nice work, Kathy.

Speaker A: Okay, thank you. Getting your head around it, which is most important. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And I'm sorry, I don't use that plugin, so I'm not— that's why I'm not like exactly clicky clicky clicky. You'd be able to ask AI as well, the settings to make sure, you know, you got it right. Oh yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah, I can.

Speaker C: It'll know.

Speaker A: So with your all-in-one SEO and Yoast, that's free and it comes with They're, well, they're free. They're like plugins like this, but they're free. But then you have more advanced features. So I have upgraded it on our basic Banana Site. I have an upgraded version. It's gonna be pretty much the same. You don't need to switch. Like, this is, this has got the categories that are the same. So it'll be all good. Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Thank you. Cool. You're welcome. Nice work.

Speaker B: Sarah, you, hello Sarah. Hi. How are you? That all sounds great. Greek island.

Speaker D: Wouldn't that be nice?

Speaker A: Pretty nice. Yeah, let's go.

Speaker D: So you, so we've got this automation running. And once somebody comes to our website twice, they then receive— sorry, the web page twice. So that particular trip twice, they then go into an automation which has 4 emails in the automation, and this is the first one. Um, where we do a general kind of, um, because it can be quite confusing, the different, um, seas that you can go to when you're visiting Greece, and they're all a bit different. So we just do a bit of an overview of which area is right for you, and then we do a day in the life of, and then, uh, do you want to chat, and then a 5% discount. And I just wondered if there's something that I Could do better, different that I've missed entirely, blah, blah, blah.

Speaker A: So just to, just to clarify too, so they, they visit it twice, obviously they're in your database, so you've got their email, they visit the page twice, they get email number 1 basically right away. So that one will go in here that then, okay. I would just send it, well, even shorter, maybe within an hour. Yeah, exactly. Just like an hour or something like that would be, you know, if they're hot, they're hot. If they're looking at the website, get in front of them. Okay. If they've come back twice and then you've said wait 4 days. So this first email goes now we'll say like within an hour and then the second one is 4 days later, right?

Speaker D: And I just don't know how to choose that number or why you—

Speaker A: I'd go 2 because they're sort of like if they're hot right now, like get in front of them. To put the second one 2 days instead of 4 because then also then the next one would wait 5 days. So I'm assuming that's 5 days from the second email. Is that right? Yes, it is. To get to— yeah, so then that's another 5.

Speaker D: 5 days is a pretty long time. Um, and so they don't— it's okay if they don't open the other ones. I initially thought— yeah, right. I initially thought that they would— if they didn't open it, I think I thought that if I waited because maybe you don't open an email straight away, especially when you know it's not pertinent to whatever you're doing in the day. And that's why I was holding off. But maybe since it's not going to, it's not going to send the next one until you open it, then maybe I can reduce the amount of time. I don't know.

Speaker A: You're saying 2 days and then 1 day, would you? No. Well, this one, so do the, so the first one's an hour, second one's 2 days later. Yeah. And then this one has an offering. Maybe, maybe 4 days is alright with this one. And then the last one you put 5 days, reduce that one to maybe 4 as well. Oh, no, you put 6 days on the last one. Sorry. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Do it. Just do it 5 again as well. Okay. Yeah. And so assuming this is then like kind of evergreen, right? It just runs. There's not like a deadline to get 5%. Turn off by whatever, March or something, or—

Speaker D: No, it doesn't put a deadline on. Does the discount? I think the discount, maybe the discount does have a headline.

Speaker A: I can't actually remember now. It says you have the date, obviously, um, like it's— I mean, the year, but other than that, I didn't spot it.

Speaker D: Okay, do you think put a date, a deadline on it?

Speaker A: Well, no, that's what I was just wondering. Just in case you are, if it— then you set it and you forget it, and then 3 months later it's out of date and better still emailing. I think it's all right as it is. I just want to clarify that. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I guess they miss this year if they, if they do. The only thing you do need to go back and update it, obviously, at some point when it's late in 2026 and then they're booking '27. Because that was the only thing I did see in the one email was the 2026, which I think is this one.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Oh, is it?

Speaker A: Does it need an update somewhere here? No, only that one. See on the screen right now, only the second last email. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And then thanks, Melinda and Jeff. Then the other one that says offer ends, you know, I mean, so he's within a week and offer ends tomorrow. That's fine because that can be any tomorrow. That can be tomorrow, today, that one's all good.

Speaker D: Tomorrow never comes.

Speaker B: Tomorrow everywhere, all at once. Exactly.

Speaker A: It's always tomorrow somewhere in the world.

Speaker D: It's true, true that, true that. Yeah. Okay, so there's not too much to change.

Speaker A: There's nothing glaringly obvious that's not working. No. And I like this first one because if I visited you, I sort of stewed over this first one a little bit where I was like, if you ever dreamed of sailing the Greek islands and then you went into this, did you know, I was like, oh, is that clear enough to explain? Like maybe this line here is great where it says, you know, read on to find the perfect Greek island getaway. But it doesn't suddenly, I was like, no, no, no, they don't because they've visited the page twice. So they know. They're very familiar with who they know what's going on. And then because they are interested, this is actually really good. 5 distinct areas. Do you know what I mean? It's actually quite intriguing. And if I'm, and I'm a warm prospect, that's who you're targeting. The only little tweak, which you've heard me say a bazillion times before by now is a couple or just a 1 or 2 testimonials I'd insert into each email. Like, even if it's down here, like a block, it could be a block as big as this orange block or just this text block here, like another one like this, which is just a testimonial or 2, or just like 1 or 3 lines from 1 review with 5 stars, you know, something like that.

Speaker D: Just to prove on each page a different one or just on this first page.

Speaker A: I'll do each page a different one. Would be perfect. Yeah, the more social proof you use, the better, but I wouldn't go overboard and add like 50 on here, but, you know, at least like 1 or 2, you know, little.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Thank you very much. Great work. I like it. What are, automation, which who would have thought, you know, all those, when you're first starting out that you'd be running automated sequences that fire off someone visiting a web page twice.

Speaker D: It's very exciting. And, you know, I was here, I'm a little bit jealous that Kathy's still going through Basic Bananas. You know, I miss it a lot and I am in Genius, but it's not quite the same as Basic Bananas. I loved the momentum of Basic Bananas, so I'm very jealous of you, Kathy.

Speaker A: Enjoy. Well, you know, as a genius bunch, you can redo Clever Bunch, and it's getting completely overhauled.

Speaker D: I can redo it.

Speaker A: I can enter every minute because of all the AI updates. You can just reset. Clever bunch.

Speaker C: Did we not tell you that?

Speaker D: Apparently I didn't pick up the information.

Speaker A: Can I just turn up?

Speaker D: Well, we can—

Speaker A: I'll get in touch with Hayley. Get in touch with, yeah, Hayley, and she'll say, she'll say, cool, do you want to be joined in this group, in that, and you'll get the reminders every month, or she'll open the access in the members site, um, and you can show up as you please, or you, you know, at least that way you get the reminders. Um, okay, that's the best way to go.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: All right, thank you. You're on, back in just like that. Session 7 next month. Linda and Jeff, you can jump in with them. Look, we got a bit of a mixed group here. You can, uh, so there you go. And Sharon as well. Cool. Yeah, there you go. Well, nice work, Sarah. Awesome work. And we'll jump to Helen, your question. Cool. Oh, there's more to it than that, than what's on the screen. So I'll make sure we don't miss any part of your question. I'm just gonna pull my— these are just brain dump notes. So you can Ignore any grammatical errors or anything like that. I'll explain it, but not too busy. We've got that part. You've created these couple of articles. So they look like this.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker E: And you, okay, so I've not done any blogs yet and I spoke to Francesca about finally getting my newsletter out and she said I need to have a blog.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I've just put together some blogs. Excellent. And you've created this, I assume, with ChatGPT or something similar?

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker E: Jasper, like you said in the SEO last one, and then I chucked it through ChatGPT to make sure it was SEO. You know, it seemed to be. I find ChatGPT more logical. That's all. But Jasper wrote, you know, it's great. It was no problem using the two of them. I just wanna, I know this is a really basic thing. I just, and I probably, should I put photos on it?

Speaker A: Is that where you put, would put photos in the blog and then you, yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So yes. So to, so I don't miss any part of the question. Yeah. Let me just pull that up again. Firstly, are they okay to put on the website? Should they be prettier? So I said, yeah, they should match the layout of the website. That's most important.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: So just that they match the You know, you don't just paste it in and it sort of looks like this, whereas the rest of your website might have, I don't know, without it in front of me, like blue headlines and, you know, gray subheadlines. It should match the branding of the site. So prettier as in match the website. We don't want the website becoming like a patchwork with, you know, different articles that look different and things.

Speaker E: Right. That's what I wasn't clear on. Is this like a newspaper article which would be distinctly Clicksnack.

Speaker A: Like anything, any headlines you use, it's the same font, same coloring, everything.

Speaker E: Yep. No, I'm kind of losing— you keep talking, I'll come back to this. Just go through my questions. I'm losing—

Speaker A: yeah, I'm losing you.

Speaker D: Ça.

Speaker E: Working out whose internet's frozen and who's not. Yeah, mine was frozen, but as long as Christo keeps talking, I'll come back to it.

Speaker D: No, I think he's been lost as well.

Speaker E: Has he got lost as well? I just thought if he keeps talking, I'll come back to the recording and get the answers.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: No, there's a few of us gone now, and he's not here anymore either.

Speaker C: Don't you love technology when it works?

Speaker E: Oh, when it works, it's great. Mine was fine until we got fiber, which— or fiber optics or whatever it is. And once that happened, never, never had anything but problems.

Speaker D: There he is.

Speaker A: There he is. I think— so what happened there? That was definitely me. Well, I think Yeah, I don't know what happened, Helen. You froze for me and then everyone froze. I realized maybe it's me and then the, uh, it reloaded, kicked me out and back in. Um, but, um, so can you see my screen again now? Yeah, I can. Okay, awesome. Well, I'm glad you guys were there having nice chitchat while I was, uh, kicked out of my own session. Um, The, so yeah, we got to the part where the obviously should match the branding, the site, and then the length looks good. So I think one was about 400 words, the other was slightly less. So when I clicked on those, so length is fine, shows me down there 392, and then the other one was slightly longer. I think it was a bit over 400. So let's agree the images. Yes. So images, once again, help search engines pick you up. So what a search engine is looking for, the most relevant information to match someone's search. So if it goes, oh, here's a web page with a lot of text about the search, but on the other hand, here's a web page that has a lot of text about the search and some images to support it about the images. This one I'll show to people because it looks like the most relevant content. So it just helps basically, you might need to make sure the pictures are, you know, named, titled with including keywords that you wanna target for each article.

Speaker E: Could I, do you reckon I could chuck one of those pictures into Chatty and ask him, you know, what are the best SEO, you know, what should I title this? Totally.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker D: Good.

Speaker A: That'll be, and just know that it doesn't have to totally make sense.

Speaker E: Like, you know, yeah, we talked about that in that SEO last week.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's for hanging up. It could be like, you know, using whatever, using canvas and the tips to make it hang on the wall properly, photo, you know, and it's just like, yeah, some good keywords. So you sort of, yeah, right. Trying to, but if it's word, word, word, word, word doesn't have to 100% make sense because it's not like it's text appearing on the page.

Speaker E: And that's how, just, just for the beginners here, that's how I save that photo.

Speaker A: That's the title of that photo. Yeah. You save, but if you name it, it on your device before and upload it. And then in the back of the website, usually there'll be a like title or it'll say name image. Yeah. And then you can add it in there as well.

Speaker E: Okay. So that's what, cause I've got a website person who can do that. Just need to have instructions.

Speaker A: So that's what I'd say. That's exactly what you wanna say. Yeah. And if it's like what platform is it, WordPress?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So in WordPress you can click on an image and it says like, name of it, it says alt text.

Speaker E: They'll know what to do if they're website person, but say, hey, I wanna make sure.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker E: And they do SEO as well.

Speaker A: I just wanna give them clear instructions. I want this. Yeah. Perfect. And then do I instruct? Oh yeah, this one on the internal linking. Do I instruct website designer to use internal links? If so, where? So typically with internal links, it's a good way to tell search engines, like which pages are important on the website. So it is a good idea to do some internal links. So within the article, or if you had one or two links, usually what we're trying to do is either go like the most popular kind of articles. So if you're going to think one article is going to be like your most popular, you know, it feels like a really good one within other articles, you can link to that page. And also typically what I'd link to is most popular.

Speaker E: But like on my installation page, would I put a link and say, read this blog, or something like that?

Speaker A: Not necessarily. That's not what you mean. Yeah. On a product or service page, I don't like to have too many links going other places because that's what it's almost like a leak, like you're leaking people away from a purchase potentially. Yeah. Whereas on articles, we want to, it's okay to move around from article to article or article to product or services page. Yeah. So, so I'd think like, okay, maybe 2, 2 main pages you want to focus on initially or 3 or whatever you think. What's one good article we could start linking to from other articles and what are the most kind of popular products or, you know, sorry, products in your case, services page, product services page or product overview type.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. I read that. Yep. Cool. And then, Oh, and then in ChatGPT, you, it's like a URL slug. Yeah, just, just this, that, like this extension. So what it'll be is like, you know, like if I have basicbananas.com forward slash, and then I include that part, it's like the extension of a URL.

Speaker E: So, so do I give that to my website?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They know exactly what to do in WordPress. You can, when you're in a page, right at the top where it's like, has, you know, how to format it and things like bold and italics and da da da, you can actually just update the extension of the page right there, which is this. So you can simply put it in and then that'll be the URL. So it'll be like something like artformcollective.com.au/experttips-hanging-art-in-mirrors. And so it's suggesting this because it has these keywords that match, you know, your keywords here. So that's why it's doing that. Yeah.

Speaker E: So I won't look like a fool. I just send that to them.

Speaker A: Here's their URL slug. Yeah. Yeah. No, you did.

Speaker E: That should, that'll take them.

Speaker A: Take my hands off it.

Speaker E: Let them do it.

Speaker A: It'll take them like 10 seconds to update that for you. They paste that in, click save. Good. Okay, cool. I think that's, That's it. Nice. Thank you. Awesome. Well done. You're on fire as well, implementing nicely from that session. So well done to you. Yeah. And I think so. And that's our final question for today. So nice work. And I know a few people had to drop off once we hit that 2 o'clock mark. That's normal. But well done. And thanks to everyone for joining on today's session, whether they had questions or not. And as always, feel free to post things through to, or email things through to Heidi at any time to get reviewed. We'll put them together and then we'll review them on next week's session. And otherwise, in the meantime, we'll see you in the members website and anywhere else. Anything else, get in touch with the team. Heidi's always the quickest and most helpful for anything. Yeah, and feel free as well, anyone who had feedback today to make changes and resubmit for next week. Next week. All good. Thank you. So enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you to you all, and bye for now.

Speaker E: Bye. Bye. Thank you.