Speaker A: Good to see you all. How are you?

Speaker B: Good.

Speaker A: Not too bad. I can't believe it's already been a week again. Like, really? I can't blame you if you haven't implemented everything from this module. Who, who has, who has had time to work on Module 2? I think Joanna is still in her clinic. Hard worker. Let's, let's do a quick zoom around the room and check in and see what you are working on since last week, and also any questions. And it's okay if you haven't had time yet. So I'm gonna pop it in the chat here. What are you working on? And any questions or any reviews, questions, review. So the, the power of, of these advisory board sessions here is that we have a group of people that can have a look at what you're doing, including myself, and then give you feedback and help. And if you're stuck somewhere or you're like, oh, I don't quite know how to go about this, I can help you. We can help you. Even from the first session too, if there's any questions from the first session. So I'm gonna go with who is— oh, I can see there. I think Ebony and Candice have a bunch of printouts and notes, which is poster children. Yes, I like it. Teacher's pets. I used to be a teacher's pet.

Speaker C: Oh no, I did most of it today, so I can't claim that title.

Speaker A: Ah, that's amazing. Cool. I might just start with you while you're off. Now, are you Candice or Ebony?

Speaker C: Candice. Ebony here somewhere.

Speaker A: Okay, great. There's Ebony. She's making dinner for both of you. Hey!

Speaker D: Oh, I wish we're still at the studio.

Speaker A: Oh, I hope that's good news because you're busy. We are busy here. That's awesome. So Candice, do you want to share what, what you're working on? And then also, if you have any questions, thoughts, anything you need help with.

Speaker C: Um, no, we were working through the brand. Is it Alchemy Method?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. The Brand Alchemy Method. So the brand strategy. Yeah.

Speaker C: Yes. Which we've, I've actually quite liked this part. I think we're lucky because we're a little bit more established. So it's kind of like all the answers were in front of us and it was, we've just been kind of connecting all the dots and trying to get things to be a little bit more consistent.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: It was like starting further on, but working back now, the stuff we didn't do when we first set up the business. We can go back and do better.

Speaker A: The volume's up all the way.

Speaker C: I don't know why.

Speaker A: Yeah. And a lot of people, you know, don't do it right from the beginning, but then they do suddenly realize, oh, because they're in, in, in spaces, in industries where there's quite a lot of competition like this one here, you really want to have a good brand to stand out, especially on social media. You know, the more thought through you are, the more you have a point of difference, the better. What, what is your brand identity? What have you, what have you written down? Which, which, um, we've done the brand purpose, brand personality. Yeah, brand personality.

Speaker D: We've done about this much, um, brand personality. So we've just got some keywords for that. We just were, our voice is warm, empowering, and inclusive. And, um, I really like the differentiation part. What makes us different? Something that people have fed back to us is that really we have a really conservative approach, which makes us feel more relatable. Um, but the big one is people seem to like our story, and we don't, we don't really get it because we've always been related and I've always been born when she's always been born. But yeah, people seem to really like the sister, the sisterhood, the sisters have both been from different walks of life. One was a nurse, one was in business, and we joined together. So yeah, when it brought up the differentiation your story, like what makes us connect with people. We thought that's one that we should bring back to the surface, you know, to tell a little bit about our story as sisters and as a family.

Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. And you can bring that through, obviously, the, you know, the about page and people love that for sure. I can see why that's a differentiation.

Speaker C: Every now and then I think we kind of forget and maybe we might see someone new and they're like, oh, I was looking at this old post and I didn't realize you guys were related. And it's like, okay, let's bring ourselves like back to it and remember everybody knows what we kind of know. Like some people might be new, you know, new to us. So to try and make that a bit more obvious, maybe.

Speaker A: I like that. And even the, you know, the bonus of both of you is that complementary skills. So one brings the aesthetic skills and the other one brings the business skills, which makes sure that the customer is looked after.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: And clients know anything medical that will be passed through to me, but they just have come to know Candice is like the everything person. Anything other than the dabbing will go through Candice. Yeah, I think they— it's like a nice little respect window.

Speaker C: Well, it is. When we first opened, like, people would ring and be like, can I speak to Ebony? Um, they were like, Ebony injected me where— it was probably like that for about 6 or 12 months. Nowadays they'll go, can I speak to Candice? Yeah, I think they can sort of see me as this little funnel to get through to Ebony. Trust me, you're not getting through to Ebony. Just come to me and I'll help you. Um, and it's good because it keeps them consistent through the one person. So you've got the one point of contact and we can, you know, we got to a point a little while ago because there is 4 of us girls here, um, where everyone was trying to help, but by everybody helping, like almost nobody was helping. Yeah, too many replies and or no one's replying and it can get a little bit messy. So we've definitely kind of fine-tuned to that.

Speaker A: So now it's always you. Are you always the person that they connect with?

Speaker C: 9 times out of 10.

Speaker D: I don't answer the phone or anything much, or, um, whenever I touch any sort of invoice or money, I tend to stuff it up. So I stay away from it, really.

Speaker C: I like it.

Speaker A: But that's the point of difference too, is that, you know, you— there's one person that you will always connect with, the same person. It's not always—

Speaker C: and I mean, I think Evan and I are lucky that I'll trust that whatever she does in her injecting room, like, she'll make great safe choices and Ev, like I'm lucky in return that I feel confident that Ev will be like, no, if Candice did it like this, then that there was a good reason. Like I don't really, I'm happy to justify myself, but I don't ever feel like I need to because I think we think fairly similarly as well.

Speaker A: That's handy. Great. Awesome. Are there any from, I know you only started doing this today, but are there any action points for you when it comes to the brand strategy? Is there anything that you're going to action based on The brainstorm.

Speaker D: I really liked this, um, the customer journey and touch points that we found out really got our mind thinking because I think we do a lot of these, but we don't connect them back to our brand personality necessarily. So Ken's got a few, um, things here.

Speaker C: Booking confirmation.

Speaker D: Yeah, like our booking confirmation email. That was a good one. They're just the generic ones that Timely says, but it doesn't say like the Skin Sure Sisters looking forward to seeing you on this date. You know, that's something we could bring in or, um, yeah, stuff that. And little things like we sponsor so many local teams and communities. Ken's got here, like we've got our name on basketball jerseys. We don't post that or we don't share those things. So that's a way we could bring the community back into it.

Speaker A: Yeah, I agree.

Speaker C: That, and I started working, Eb doesn't know because she was busy, but on the postcard challenge.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah. So I started writing a little, um, speechy type thing.

Speaker A: Um, you should just check.

Speaker C: I think still probably need some fine tuning, but, um, the 40 card postcards in 4 weeks. But I've kind of started. So what it's saying is like to send them out to people, not for a, whether, what was it? Um, no sales, just giving love and just letting people know that we're still there and we're kind of thinking of them more like it just to keep them feeling warm.

Speaker D: And it's all about the feels.

Speaker C: It is about the feels.

Speaker A: And, and the thing with your customers in this industry, You know, a customer probably, I mean, they spend a few grand at least over, over a year, right? And then they come back again next year. So average spend is like $2,000, $3,000 at least, I would say, right?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. More. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then lifetime value, if they come back every year and spend at least that much, you know, the next 10 years, it's like $30,000, $40,000.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: For customers. So it, they're actually quite valuable, the customers. So if we have some customers that you haven't seen in a while or, you know, that are really cool customers.

Speaker C: Well, I think that was my next point. Like, what should I be— say I just aim for 40 people to start with. Like, who am I looking for? Are they the ones who I know are going to spend money or are they the ones who we just liked having them here or the ones who I think there's a chance they might come back and they've just kind of forgotten and life's gotten in the way?

Speaker A: Like, I think you could do a combination of all of those, including also For example, potential partners, you know, in your area, you're Hunter, right? Hunter Valley. Yeah. In your area, are there any other businesses that you would like to partner with or that you have already partnered with, but the partnership needs to be a little bit more warmed up?

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: It can even be something, let's say, let's say I own a winery. You want to partner with me because I get lots of your customers that have money through the door. There must be something we can do together. And you've, you've just spoken to me on the phone a few weeks ago, and I told you that my daughter is having a soccer game that is really important. You send me a card, you say, hey, I hope you're well, it was so nice to talk to you, I hope the soccer game of your daughter went well. Okay, you know, just something personal like that, not really an ask. And then same with your clients, yeah, if you do past clients, people that haven't come in, they just or people that are maybe the best clients that are spending a lot of money already, but they might just tell other people about you. It's such an old school campaign. Like, it's such an, it's, you know, who here sends postcards? Nobody. I mean, I used to, when I travel a lot, I used to always send home postcards. Now I can't be bothered. Nobody gets any postcards anymore. They hardly are sold anymore in overseas in tourist places. So it's a really good strategy because nobody gets anything cool in the mail. So, so for anyone here who hasn't watched that video yet, yeah, it's so easy and it costs you maybe a dollar to ship. So the postage details, maybe a dollar on a postcard, and then the postcard, you know, ideally you do have something that is, is, you know, a little tiny bit branded with your brand on it, but ideally it's something motivational or funny or depending on your brand identity. Personality, something that reflects that, that I can put on my fridge.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: It's almost— you need to— I always tell people you need to run it through the fridge test. Would you, if you receive this card, would you throw it in the bin because it's so ugly and such an advertisement, or would you keep it on the fridge because it's funny, cool, beautiful, motivational, inspirational, any of that?

Speaker C: I love that.

Speaker D: What are those things, you know, people are putting on their mirrors at the moment? Like the little inspirational words. What are they called?

Speaker A: Affirmations.

Speaker C: Affirmations.

Speaker D: You could get like some little affirmation cards and write them as postcards.

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, I like it. Yeah.

Speaker D: Because no one's gonna pick up an affirmation and throw it away.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker D: You're gonna put it on your fridge.

Speaker A: Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I collect some of this from like goodie bags. They have affirmation cards in it from random people and I definitely don't throw them away. That's true. Always use bookmarks or something.

Speaker D: And you can probably get a 40-pack off like Amazon for like $3 or something.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. For now to get started, you could just get like a cheap version that is not branded from Amazon or anywhere. Like any—

Speaker D: we've got Skin Show stickers. We could just put one of them in the corner or something.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker A: Done.

Speaker D: Okay, thank you.

Speaker F: Good plan.

Speaker D: Candice loves paperwork and bookwork. She'll be right onto that.

Speaker C: I love art and craft.

Speaker A: It's like my— she really— you're not being sarcastic about it? Oh yeah, I kind of—

Speaker C: I get boxes are so great, everyone takes me 15 minutes to make, but they're all made with love.

Speaker A: Yeah. Hey, but I can't wait to hear. So does anyone not know what we're talking about with this postcard challenge? Does everyone know? Because if you don't know, it's fine, we can talk about it.

Speaker G: I sort of don't know.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's, it's, um, it's one of the bonus videos in Module 2, number 4. Bonus, the postcard challenge. Yeah. Some of you haven't watched it yet, probably. So it's, it's the challenge is that what did we say? Did we say 40 days, 40 cards? Is that what the challenge was? Yeah. Normally it's over the next 40 days you send 40 cards. It's a lot. You send 40 cards handwritten to people, whether that's suppliers that you want to, you know, be warm with so that they can give you better payment terms in the future. It's all. What we are doing here is we're tapping into the law of reciprocity, which is a human law, marketing law also, where humans tend to give more, be more generous when you give first.

Speaker G: I might send one to the ATO then.

Speaker A: Oh, fuck. Yeah, me too. But that is not unfortunately gonna play with the law of reciprocity because they're a different beast. But yeah, give us more tax. ATO, I would love them to be more lenient. So, and then you just pick people, past customers, future customers, anyone that you want to build a relationship with, and you send them a postcard that is not about your business. It's not about, hey, come in, hey, we have a special. You guys have all these regulations anyway. There's some new— did you realize there was some new regulations about you're now not allowed? I had a call today with one of the Fresh Clinics, Teal. Do you know, do you know Teal from Fresh Clinics? She's all about governance. And in your code of conduct, basically, in your industry, they now said that you can't give, uh, an intro thing, not even if it's not an injectable one, that then leads to an injectable offering. Have you seen that? Which is really painful because it's such a good strategy.

Speaker G: Didn't get that. What couldn't, couldn't we do?

Speaker A: So I think what I'm going to have a meeting with her so I can understand it a bit better. But if you look at your regulations, what are they called again? The, you know, the, your industry regulations.

Speaker G: Um, yep. Uh, APRA.

Speaker A: APRA. Yes. So in there, I think they have a new thing now where in the past you could give a class, you could, you could never in Australia, you couldn't anymore say, hey, advertise, hey, come in for Botox, come in for injectable, or come in to get rid of your wrinkles. You're not allowed to say that. But what you could say is you could say, hey, come in for a skin rejuvenation, and then from there you can sell them onto the Botox. But now you're not even allowed to, to offer them. But the, the line is so fine, so I wouldn't worry about it just yet, because now what they said is you can't offer something that then leads to another offer like Botox. That's crazy. But that, that you can't really prove that because you can obviously offer skin rejuvenation and then what they choose after, it's not— you didn't lead them there, they chose the next thing, right? It's not that you then say, hey, if you do skin, you do skin.

Speaker G: It's—

Speaker A: yeah, yeah, it's really— they're really trying to crack down on this industry really hard, which is really painful, but it will be fine. I think it's just because it's a new industry. Still.

Speaker G: And getting everyone for head laser hair removal.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so the postcard challenge is to warm up people. And, and what we have found with businesses in any industry that do it, especially in an industry like yours with clinics, it just goes such a long way. Because if I'm a— if I'm one of your customers and I, uh, and I haven't been in a while, and then suddenly I get a card in in a mail that is personal, handwritten from one of you, or from, you know, from, from the studio that I've been to, the clinic I've been to, it will make me go, wow, I love these guys. Actually, I did want to come back anyway, so I'm going to book in again. Cool. Let's see, let's give a clap for Candice and Ebony. Really awesome work. Well done. Who wants to go next? I can otherwise pick someone. I can see next to Candace is Joanna. You're next on my screen. Did you want to— did you have a chance to watch some of the clips?

Speaker E: Are you talking to me?

Speaker A: Sorry, Joanna.

Speaker E: Yeah, sorry, I did in the past hour. I haven't completed anything yet. I'm so sorry, I've been looking after my father who's sick. Sorry, but I am going to focus on it tonight.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, don't, don't be sorry. The weeks pass so fast and you have other priorities. Do you need help with anything, or you're, you, you're pretty good? You're—

Speaker E: um, I am, I'm working on it. I'm going to try without help, but I will get back to you maybe personally, or probably next Tuesday.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Um, I just do everything, so I'm— I can't find a niche. I used to be a beauty therapist, then I became a dermal therapist, then I became a nurse, and then I— you know what I mean? So because of all this advertising, I just wanted to focus on injectables. But because we can't advertise, and I've had that salon for 20 years, everyone that walks in, oh, you're a nurse? Oh, do you do this? I said yes. I said, oh well, I might as well come to you rather than drive 50 minutes than I do. And I thought, okay, booking a consultation, that's how I'm grabbing my customers.

Speaker A: And what, like, what thing, what things do they book in for?

Speaker E: Uh, facial, a Brazilian wax, an eyebrow wax. I do everything. So I'm probably a one-stop shop, so to speak. And I rent the other room to a beauty therapist as well. I've got 3 rooms and, and a lash girl. So I don't advertise at all. I basically, um, we have Fresha, which they find us on locally, and they book me in. But I basically call myself aesthetic nurse, and they get the picture on what I do. But in Fresha, I do everything. Like, they can book me in with facials. I specialize in DMK skincare.

Speaker A: What's that? Oh, is that the brand?

Speaker E: Yeah, the DMK Skincare. I don't know if any of you girls heard of that one.

Speaker A: Um, yeah, I think we did something. It's very nice for them.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, they do a really great enzyme therapy facial, which I'm also very focused on and studying on that, because there's a— excuse the French— a shitload of work I have to do with that one. Um, yeah, so I'm basically getting customers, and what you just said, I'm not advertising in the salon that I inject. But because I wear my scrubs and I do advertise that I'm a registered nurse, people know that I also do injectables. Yeah, injectables, that's right. I do IPL, I do RF, I do microneedling. So how do I— I don't— I, I'm not on my Instagram. I'm only just, um, advertising the DMK enzyme facial.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: That's all I'm— yeah, so I don't— I have a, I have a website which I've been working on. I'm with Wix, um, my brand purpose and my brand principles. I'm trying to figure out— I just call it Expert in Every Layer. I don't know, I'm trying to— yeah, I'm really brainstorming at the moment, so I will probably have it all completed by the end of the week.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, that's perfect. And sometimes you need a bit of time to sort of go back over it. I can see that your, your offering is, is, as you call it, the generalist. So you offer everything. You offer facials, injectables, waxing, all sorts, like different body parts even, not just the face.

Speaker E: I also do PRP. I forgot about that. Hair growth.

Speaker C: So it's—

Speaker F: there's a—

Speaker E: yeah, there's a, there's a huge extensive service list that I provide.

Speaker A: Is it, you know, what I think would be good for you to do also is in Module 2, uh, Video 3, Bonus Video 3, the pricing pyramid. It does get you to think about everything that you offer. So all the things that you've just mentioned and look at, list everything and look at which ones of those, uh, you're booking the most, which ones of those you book the least. And also, which ones of those that you book are not very— either they suck, you hate doing them, or they're not making you much money? And if they're either of those, they suck or they don't make money, you probably could— are there any that come to mind that you don't like doing, any treatments, or that don't make—

Speaker E: oh, I love doing everything. I do hair removal, laser, tattoo removing.

Speaker A: You like all that too?

Speaker E: Uh, yeah, I love the variety. I love, I love doing everything. So yeah, someone did say you do a lot, Jo, but it's there for people. I just want to— I just want that client, that patient, to know that they can come to my salon. It's a one-stop shop.

Speaker A: Yeah, look, if that's your, if that's your positioning and you enjoy doing everything and all the things that you offer make you money, then that's— that is your positioning.

Speaker E: When I first went back 5 years ago, do— when did the law come through anyway? I was offering, um, without advertising. So, okay, you get a complimentary signature facial in 2 weeks, so I'll get them back for a review after they did anything, which they loved. And I did give them, and then I kept them after that. They love the fact that I gave them a complimentary facial.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's really clever. That's a big—

Speaker E: because it was just basic. It was just a cleanse and exfoliant, 20-minute sort of, um, massage with steam, which they loved, and a mask for 1 hour. No, it was so— I was just, um, basically, um when I wasn't busy, just booking them in when I wasn't busy, when my busy— my non-busy days. And that's how I, I established an anti-wrinkle clientele and a dermal filler clientele. Yeah, because it's oversaturated. It is, it is very. Why would they choose me?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a really busy market. Is there any specific audience segment that you attract, or is it basically like Yeah, I'm in Ivanhoe.

Speaker E: I do have a lot of lawyers, doctors that come to me, um, accountants, just, yeah, high-end. Like, I also have the, the lady that doesn't work and gets an allowance from her husband that says, I'll pay you cash and then I'll pay the rest on my credit card. Um, I do have that clientele. Um, yeah, I have a— yeah, I do have middle to high income ladies and many ladies. Yeah, I did find a little bit of a drop when the interest rates went up. Yeah, I do have also males that come in.

Speaker A: Yeah, majority are women, I assume, right?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, they are, they are.

Speaker A: Because that's also a niche, you know. Maybe you do offer everything, but you still have a niche. Maybe your niche is still women aged between a certain age range, like 35 to 65.

Speaker E: Yeah, what is it, 35 to 65?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, great, awesome, cool. Thanks, Joanna. Let's give Joanna one clap. 1, 2, 3. And Priscilla.

Speaker H: Oh, hello.

Speaker A: Hi.

Speaker H: Um, are we talking about brand?

Speaker A: Anything? Yeah, anything that you want to share that you're working on. This week, and then anything that you need help with even.

Speaker H: I actually have done a bit for brand personality, differentiation, position statement. Yeah, I'm trying to figure out what will be more suitable because I'm actually having my website redeveloped. I want to also figure out what I should put on the home page. Yeah, so with the— did we talk about brand purpose as well?

Speaker A: Yeah, brand purpose and brand personality, anything that you have already worked on.

Speaker H: Yeah, well, I used ChatGPT because I use ChatGPT for a lot of my content for the website in the past, and so they kind of have all the memories of what I'm after. And they come up with a brand purpose: empower individuals to feel confident and comfortable in their own skin by providing personalized, ethical, and medically informed cosmetic treatments that prioritize safety, natural results, and long-term skin health.

Speaker A: Yeah. Do you resonate with that? Does it connect with you?

Speaker H: Yes, it does.

Speaker A: Yeah, as long as it connects with you, then it's, it's perfect.

Speaker H: Yeah, I don't know, have something unique. And, um, I try to develop something like what you said. You could have something, you know, in the home page, um, one simple sentence. Um, yeah, I I don't know if that's good.

Speaker A: It's good if you connect with it. It's a little on the long side and it is a little tiny bit, it is a little bit tiny bit ChatGPT.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker H: Yeah.

Speaker A: It is a bit, you know, if I ask the same question, it probably would give me a similar variation of that sentence. So maybe, but where we would need to start, and this is But especially as you're getting a new website developed and you're doing, you know, your branding again, I would probably even just start with your brand personality. How do you want your brand to be perceived? And you can watch the, what, the module 1, the video in there, it explains it. So ask yourself the question, and this is for anyone, doesn't matter how long you've been in business, like right now. Basic Brownies has been in business for 15, 16 years at the end of this year. So let's say 15 years. And we are redoing our social media strategy right now this week. And I've got a meeting on Thursday with some of my team members. And again, I had to go back to them again and say, here's our brand strategy. So the brand alchemy, same as you're doing all right now. We need to revisit it again. You know, 15 years, every few years we go back on it again, like, hey, are we still on track? Are we— do we still want to be playful? Do we still want to be intelligent? Do we still want to be innovative? Or is there something missing? What's missing in there? So for you, anyone here, you need to ask yourself, for your business, how— Anya's cat, cute. I grew up with cats. How do you want to be perceived?

Speaker H: Here, brand personality. I, it's hard. I, I can't decide what word I choose because there's professional, approachable, skilled, caring. The last word.

Speaker A: Hey, what's the last word? Professional, approachable. What's the last one?

Speaker H: Professional but approachable. Um, Skilled and insightful.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker H: Empowering and honest.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I think most of these are good. Words like professional and skilled are almost like they're given, like I'm expecting people to be professional, so The ones that you mentioned though, approachable. I'm just looking at the notes here. Insightful, empowering, honest. Those are good.

Speaker H: Okay.

Speaker A: Those are good. And then, you know, in terms of visuals, then how do we also visualize the brand? You can also think about, are we a bit more modern or a bit more, how actually, you know, a good thing to think about is how do we want people to feel? Do we want them to feel excited or confident or calm or peaceful? What do we want them to feel when they come and look at our stuff? Because if you want them to feel confident—

Speaker H: confident and comfortable—

Speaker A: uncomfortable, yeah, then we want to obviously use warm colors.

Speaker H: Okay.

Speaker A: And images that are inviting. And friendly. If, if we want to be minimalistic, you know, we might use a bit more like monochrome, like black and white kind of colors. So you need to think a little bit about how do you want people to feel. And then, or the question you've answered, how— what's the perception? And then your designers— do you have designers that are helping you with the website?

Speaker H: Yeah, there's marketing company doing that.

Speaker A: Yeah. So they should have asked you in their brief to give you, you know, that information.

Speaker H: Yeah, no, she, yes, she's actually asking me this question as well. I have to decide what I really want.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Maybe what you could do actually, if you go, all of you, this is pretty cool actually. If you go into Google, into ChatGPT, let me quickly show you something. If you're struggling with your brand strategy, what's a pretty cool thing to do? Where is my ChatGPT? Let me just share my screen quickly. So something you could do— I'm going to give you one extra thing here. It's not in the videos. I'm just having a quick chat with ChatGPT about brand archetypes. Can you tell me a bit more, a bit more about the 12 brand archetypes based on Jung's philosophy? So Carl Jung, who is a psychologist or was a psychologist, and he came up with these 12 different brand archetypes. So most brands that you see out there, any big brands— Apple, Ferrari, any brand, Fresh Clinics, anyone— they will fit into one or two of these 12 archetypes. So the innocent, you can see like, you know, Dove, etc. Their tone of voice is pure, optimistic, honest. Then let's say the hero, good for sports brands, Nike, bold, confident, inspirational. The outlaw, the rebel, Harley-Davidson, Diesel, they're a bit more daring, edgy. The explorer, like Patagonia, their adventures. So what you can do is you can just ask ChatGPT, hey, can you tell me a bit about these 12 archetypes? We also, we just did a masterclass on this topic with, with one of my friends, and I can make the recording available too. If you want the recording of the, of the masterclass we hosted on this, just send Heidi a quick email. Yeah, email support@basicbananas.com and just say, 'Francisca said we can get access to this for free.' But I might just say, 'Hey, cool, awesome, these are the 12 archetypes. I'll see, you know, I read them and I see which ones I like most.' And I can say, 'Hmm, based on what you know about me so far, which Once do you think I fit in? Okay, it already knows a lot about me because I use it all the time. So let's see what it, what it says. And it's actually these, these two I would definitely pick for me as a person. So it's, it's, it's pretty spot on. Now I could ask it, what, what about ocean lovers? So another brand that I often talk about in here a lot about.

Speaker H: Yeah, I'm typing this in.

Speaker A: Yeah, and then I can say, cool, I love it. Oh wait, what's happening here?

Speaker E: I just typed it. Mine stated that I'm a care—

Speaker A: caregiver.

Speaker H: Yeah, caregiver. Same here.

Speaker A: Yeah, because you guys are obviously total caregivers.

Speaker H: Client-first mindset. Okay, neutral.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then I might just say, hey, can you give me please Ocean Lovers brand personality then? And then it's, you know, based on the archetypes, the explorer, the care, and the caregiver. With a splash of Lover and Chester. Here's what we've got. Brand personality, like your Ooh La La. Yeah, it's pretty good. And then here the adjectives: wild-hearted, nurturing, playful, soulful, down-to-earth, purposeful. Pretty good tone of voice: playfully conscious, inviting but not intimidating, heartfelt, hopeful, cheeky but compassionate. It's pretty good. You know, some of this I would refine and go like, nah, we're not, we're not, you know, we're not too cheeky. Or, you know, some of, some of these things I could refine a bit. And then once you're, once you're happy with this— are you still following, or is it, am I going a bit too much? Yeah, no, no, no. Yeah, so once you've got this, I might now say Great. I love the above. Can you please write a prompt that I can use to build my brand voice? GPT. Now, GPTs are only the cost. GPTs, you can see them over here. This function is only available to the plus ChatGPT premium or whatever they call the membership. So the one that is $20 a month. Okay, that's the GPT over here. Now these GPTs, you can see here, I've already got Ocean Lovers voice in here. Now when I write a piece of content for Ocean Lovers, I will open this. It's basically just custom instructions. I will open these custom instructions and I can write content in the Ocean Lovers brand voice. So what it's done here for me is I can now copy paste this prompt. This is a prompt that it's given me because you can ask ChatGPT to make your prompts. I can now go into GPTs and create a new one. I already have one, but just so you know, here I can create, and this is recorded too, so you can go and watch the recording. Now I can go here and call this Ocean Lover's Voice. And then I can type in here the prompt that it's given me. So you are the voice of ocean lovers, a sustainable swimmer lifestyle brand for surfers, ocean lovers. Speak as if you're a sun-kissed, salt-hearted best friend, playful, soulful, purpose-driven. Your tone blends like these archetypes. You care deeply, blah blah. Your personality traits are this. Things to do, things not to do, examples of tone of voice. And I can obviously edit this if I don't agree with anything. And now I can just go and create this. And now I have every time I, I'm not going to do it because I've already got one. Now every time I need to write a piece of content, it will do it in the Ocean Lover's voice. Does that make sense? Is everyone still following?

Speaker G: Yeah, that's quite smart.

Speaker A: It's incredible.

Speaker G: So what version are you on? You said 20?

Speaker A: Just the next level, you know, the $20. I think it's premium or something like that.

Speaker G: Okay. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker G: Now free version. I find that one good, but yeah, I might upgrade it. I might splash out $20 a month.

Speaker A: I think it's worth it. I think it's worth it. Yeah. I've got, I've, and we'll, we'll do more of this stuff as we go through here. Um, through the program, but I've got different things, you know, like for example, for, we have a podcast. And so whenever we do an interview with someone, I just usually have scribbles. I just have notes and then I just copy paste the notes in here and it will give me the exact description that then goes onto the podcast page. So it's just giving it the formula, like, you know, for example, just quickly share something.

Speaker G: I jumped on. To the archetypes overview. And whilst you were talking, I just did it quickly, and I came up as the caregiver. And just wanted to say, it— this sounds beautiful. Your brand gives permission to prioritize self-love without guilt.

Speaker A: Oh, I like that.

Speaker G: I really like that. I thought, oh, that might be my brand purpose.

Speaker A: I like that. Self-love without guilt.

Speaker G: To prioritize self-love without guilt, because That's what I've always been talking about in my consultations, how we women feel guilty, but yet go home and spend 30 grand on a kitchen.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. Yeah.

Speaker G: You know, I like that.

Speaker A: I really like that. They're totally helping you. I think that's actually, that's more differentiated than what we talked about with Priscilla because, you know, it always says, oh, you're confident, blah, blah, in your skin. Everyone says that. Yours is just slightly different. It's who you are. You say, hey, don't feel guilty. You deserved it.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker G: It wasn't me that came up with it, but I guess it's something.

Speaker A: Well, but it's based on who you, what you've talked about in ChatGPT. It's based on that. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker G: That, that it was actually exactly what I tried to express, but anyway, it's there. Great.

Speaker C: I'm done.

Speaker G: I'm done.

Speaker A: So, yeah, really awesome.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker A: So if you're, if anyone is lost a bit with this ChatGPT agent thing that I've just done, um, it just got, watch the recording here. And if you don't have the premium version, you don't want the premium version, don't worry. You can still ask it about your archetypes and then you go, oh, okay. Yeah. That makes sense. I think based on what I'm reading here, I think I'm the magician and the caregiver, or I'm the lover and the caregiver. And then you can just figure out how you want to sound and consistently sound the same way across all the channels.

Speaker H: Cool.

Speaker A: Yeah. Priscilla, are you good? Yeah, I'm good. Awesome. Good. And did you manage to get to the experience page, by the way?

Speaker H: Oh yes, I did. I just haven't got a chance to really think and decide to do, because that's 2 days away, 3 days away.

Speaker A: That's all good. No problem at all.

Speaker H: Yeah, thank you.

Speaker A: Go, one clap for Priscilla. 1, 2, 3. And who wants to go next? Does anyone want to go next? Does anyone have any questions, thoughts, comments? Ashley, did you want to say anything? You haven't talked too much, and Leah hasn't talked too much, and then The one person that I can't read the symbols, that's probably some of you could tell me who it is. Ashley, yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah, I found this week's stuff quite helpful. It was more like what we've been doing, working through ChatGPT with some of the branding, but then I think I'm gonna need to kind of go back through to my website and reincorporate a few of these, I guess, more of the, like, the personality and the voice back into that. So it's sort of just quite generic initially. And I think looking at how I can incorporate that into my touch points again, like some of the girls have mentioned, they're all quite generic from the service platform that I'm looking to use. So I can kind of incorporate a little bit more back to that. But I haven't really got everything up and running yet. So it's kind of nice to have this sitting in the background and be thinking about things, especially with the pricing. Pyramid and kind of contemplating what kind of treatments or like kind of, I guess, side hustle things that I want to incorporate that I initially had kind of, I guess, poo-pooed a little bit that might be able to come in. Like, I guess, like the LED light treatments and stuff that you can package and you can advertise to get people in the door that are, I guess, reasonably lower on the pyramid level to get people higher.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, I like that. And, and yeah, the, you know, the customer journey thing is, it's one of my favorite things to, to go over with, with our own businesses and with our members. Because as you say, most of these things that we send out or that come from these platforms are so generic. But if you just make it a little bit more fun, you know, for example, with Candice and Ebony, if they want play on the narrative of being sisters a bit more. Maybe they're, you know, they're booking responses and their confirmation messages. Maybe they have a picture of the power sisters, you know, they could, I don't know if they have a name for the sisters, but whatever, if they had a name, you know, you know, thanks so much. Here are your, you know, your sisters.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: I really liked that sponsoring teams, like the community involvement. I was sort of trying to think of how you can incorporate that in with, I guess, these types of businesses, especially when you can't do a lot of advertising and all the restrictions. But I think that's a— that was a great, great idea. I've written that down. Thanks, girls.

Speaker A: Really good one. Yeah, great. Awesome. Thank you. And Leah, Amy, Anya, and one other person, did you want to say anything? Did you want to share anything or ask anything? You don't have to, but you're welcome to.

Speaker F: I actually haven't listened to the second module yet, so I'm really, really behind. I'm actually working on the first module over the weekend, but didn't really get a chance to get module 1. But I've got something here that I think it's okay, but it's more targeting towards women. But generally my patients are all women, so it's kind of the right thing to do. But I just want to welcome men as well. But I don't know how to actually get my thing here. If you don't mind, I'll just say it, if that's okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker F: So at LIA Aesthetic, we combine trusted clinical expertise with genuine care to empower women to look and feel their best at every age. We're dedicated to delivering safe, personalized treatments that enhance your natural beauty and restore your confidence, helping you embrace each day with radiant, healthy skin and unstoppable self-belief. So it's kind of— I don't know, I'm kind of generalized, I think. I'm not sure. I'm just not really— I can't really decide. It feels like, I don't know, there's something needs to be done, or Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know what you mean.

Speaker A: It's, it's kind of there, but I agree, I think it could, it could do with a little bit of something a bit more different, personalized, because I'm only renting a room.

Speaker F: I'm only renting a room. I'm there 2 days a week, maybe 2 and a half days a week. Yeah, and, um, it's because I work in hospital, um, other days, so I'm limited time to be there, and when I'm there, I really enjoy, you know, doing what I'm doing there. But it's more on personalized care because I take my time. But I don't know how to word it.

Speaker A: Yeah, what do you enjoy about— what, what sort of outcome? Well, let's first ask, what sort of outcome do your, do your clients come for? Like, why do they come? What do they exactly want? Not, not in terms of they want injections or anything, but what did— why did they do this?

Speaker F: Um, well, I've got a client out there last week.

Speaker A: He was—

Speaker F: she was very, very happy with my treatments, and she was saying about— and she recommend, like, pass it on to other friends and family that— well, that's been booked for next month, which is nice, but I think it's more on like a personal approach and how I take my time. And some patients fall asleep while they're having their LED. And I think that's— I don't know, I really like to hear that. I express it to her that I really enjoy what I do here and I like to make my care or treatment personalized. So I don't know how to reward that with my values.

Speaker C: Can I say something? Sorry to interrupt. I really liked what you read out. I think the only thing was because for me, as a— if I go somewhere as a customer, I'm the sort of person who will jump on the website and look at everything.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker C: If I stalk— if I read that, sometimes it feels like a little bit— yeah, a little bit too polished. So it makes me feel a little bit intimidated.

Speaker F: Oh, really?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: And if you said, you know, you want that personal experience with somebody, I don't know how to get it to sound, you know, like professional, but at the same time still makes you approachable.

Speaker A: Okay, you know what I mean?

Speaker C: Like, that's probably to try and find the balance. Yeah, like, just, you know, because you're easy to speak to, you can have a nice conversation, and like you said, you don't want your patients to feel rushed and uncomfortable. So to somehow make it maybe not sound quite so clinical, I guess.

Speaker A: It's good feedback.

Speaker F: Yeah, so I don't know.

Speaker C: I don't know what the answer is though. Good luck.

Speaker A: No, I'm just, I'm just brainstorming a few things here. Um, because what, what I'm getting from you is that it's almost like, and this is your differentiation, you're, and I'm not sure if that's where you want to stay, but I'm hearing a little bit that you're almost, you're almost small on purpose. You know, you, I don't know if you want to blow this up and go big, but it sounds like you're, you're happy. To stay, you, the way that you provide services, it's like small on purpose. I come in, there's time for me to chill out as a client and you don't rush me through. You know, so I'm like rush next, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And that's pretty cool. So, um, you know, like I just asked ChatGPT a bit. I said, hey, I need a purpose statement for a cosmetic clinic that is small on purpose, offers personalized care, warmth. Not rushing. Um, it's given me a little bit generic, like, our purpose is to provide personalized cosmetic care in a space where you've— you're seen, heard, and never rushed.

Speaker F: Sounds nice.

Speaker A: It's quite you.

Speaker F: That's exactly what I would like to be doing.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's quite you. It's like, it's you, you give me that vibe actually of you're not rushing me, you know.

Speaker C: No.

Speaker F: Yeah, they like it because I take my time and I don't like to be rushed either. So it's my space and I can do whatever I want. I don't want to be rushing people and I want to rush myself too, you know.

Speaker A: I think that's much better than what the generic one that you had, the one that— yeah, because this one here is not that intimidating. It's like, oh, I like that. I just wanna— I don't want to go to a place where everyone is there and everyone looking at me. I want to go to somebody that is a bit more private and, you know, takes her time and it's— I feel comfortable.

Speaker F: I really appreciate that.

Speaker A: That's—

Speaker F: I really like that, Francesca. I'll, um, I'll listen to that recording again and then I'll—

Speaker A: I popped it in the chat and I can't take the credit. This was just me asking the right question to ChatGPT. I know, I don't know.

Speaker F: I'm still getting used to it.

Speaker C: Thank you so much.

Speaker A: Yeah, you have to. The thing is We need to learn how to give it good, good input. And then once we learn how to do that, it will take care of us. So I've popped it in the chat. You can just copy paste it up.

Speaker F: All right. I'll, I'll do that.

Speaker A: Thank you. You're so welcome, Lea. This is why these sessions are so, so powerful because people take months to come up with anything like this. Oh, I have a group here with, you know, people giving feedback like Candice and people are giving their energy and time here.

Speaker F: This is awesome.

Speaker A: It's awesome. Yeah. Amy is with you, right? Amy is your peer, your sister? We're together, we're sisters. Yeah, sisters also, another sisterhood. The only other one that I want to make sure you have had time to speak up if you wanted to is Anja, and then the one that I can't see which name it is because I can't read the Chinese, I think it is. Possibly symbols. Somebody can maybe help me know what name that is. Thank you. Is it Mandarin or what is it?

Speaker H: Mandarin, yes.

Speaker A: Mandarin. Okay, all right. I don't know how you learn all these symbols, but I definitely envy you. I studied Arabic once and that was already, uh, yeah, next level. Anya, did you want to share anything?

Speaker G: Sorry, I'm eating.

Speaker A: That's all good.

Speaker G: I wanted to ask, I'm sort of a little bit stuck on your, um, avatar. And is, you know, like, describe, you know, is she married? Is she not married? I mean, like, you know, it's, it's— yeah, she could be, but she might not be. I mean, do you know what I mean? Like Yeah, specifics in terms of age and all that, I find a little bit easier, but then get down to the nitty-gritty, whether she's married or they have kids or not, it, I feel it's irrelevant, but it might not, it probably isn't.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's a, it's a good question. And I'll answer your question with a, with a conversation I had today, a really cool, interesting conversation. I was speaking to one of my friends and she built an e-commerce business selling women's fashion. And she's got a massive fashion background, but she built it in like 24 months into like $20+ million a year revenue. And the one thing that stood out to me is the way she talked about her customers. And she kept saying she is someone, and she used it as a singular person. She is someone who travels all year. She, she has money. She wants to be comfortable. She's married to a rich guy. She, this and that. And she just made it up. You know, she just made it up. It's just this is just one personality. This person, she didn't give me the name, but let's say Susie. She's rich. She's always traveling. She likes, you know, organic clothes. She did this and that. And, and I think one of the reasons why she is so successful is first of all, the product is first in a product-based business. Secondly, she just, she just knows her avatar. And even though it may be made up because some of her customers, you got millions of customers, some are married, some are not married, some are, you know, older women. They're all actually probably slightly older women, but she just made it up to be able to talk to that core person. So you can just make the avatar up. And then if you have very diverse ones, so you have the, you know, let's say the young adult ones that have skin issues like acne and things like that, which I'm sure is not your avatar, but if that was, that's very different to the more mature ladies. So that would be definitely completely different. But if you talk about, you know, 30 to 50 year olds, married or not married, doesn't matter, you know, just make it up as bit of money, high-flying career, you know, whatever.

Speaker G: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker G: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's, I got you because I thought, you know, even if I don't try to target everyone, I sort of don't really care whether they're married or not married. I get what you mean. Just trying to build up the—

Speaker A: it's just for, yeah. Yeah. And it just, it just today again, it was just one of these conversations like, this is why, because she just talks about her like she's her friend.

Speaker C: Ah, gotcha.

Speaker A: And I didn't even ask her, I didn't even say, who is your avatar? She just kept talking about this woman who is, you know, this forever traveler and this and that. I'm like, this is why she's successful, because she's just talking to this one persona that is sort of roughly a representation of all these women that buy her stuff.

Speaker G: What's the brand?

Speaker A: I'm not allowed to say because I have to share the revenue.

Speaker G: Ah, okay, okay.

Speaker A: And she told me not to share the revenue with with people, so I won't be able to share, unfortunately.

Speaker G: No, no, I meant her business. Oh, you can't share her business?

Speaker A: No, because I'm not meant to share the revenue.

Speaker G: That's okay, I'm just curious.

Speaker A: I would ask to, because I would want to go and look at the brand. Yeah, because she told me not to share her revenue, so I can't share them.

Speaker G: Yeah, yeah, that's okay.

Speaker A: All good. Yeah.

Speaker G: Thank you for that.

Speaker A: So welcome. Anyone else? Otherwise, we're gonna rock and roll. All good. Next week we have Module 3, and don't worry if you feel like you're a bit behind. It's so much content, it's impossible. As I said, it's impossible to do everything. I mean, Candice has done, you know, a lot. She's got the printouts, but she did it today. Do you know, she didn't spend that much time on it. She just started doing it. Module 3 is copywriting. So you'll, you'll learn a little bit of a formula of how to put together text for a campaign, but then you can give that. So the copywriting formula is the first video. You can give that copywriting formula to ChatGPT to write your text. You can say, hey, hey, I need an article or I need a campaign. I need a Facebook campaign. I need an ad. Here's the formula. Now please give me the text. And then how to map out a campaign, a bit about websites. So this is for anyone building or redoing their website. And then how to put together a pitch, how to talk about yourself. So it's, it's not a huge heavy module as the next one. Sounds good. Awesome. Well done. Should we take a quick Good. Put in a smiley picture to put it, put in our group quickly into our WhatsApp. Wait, I'm going to need to share the screen like this so we're all together. And if we all want to smile, one sec. And 1, 2, 3, cheese! Good. I'll pop it in the chat. Cool. Awesome. Well done. Thank you. If you want to come off mute quickly, make some noise and have an amazing week.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker B: See you next week.

Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker C: Bye-bye.

Speaker A: Bye-bye.