Speaker B: All right, let's jump in. I will share my screen. I've got Amy's question first. So let me just share my screen here. So we've got these questions here. Some of them are, we have a lot to review. So let's look at Amy's question first. Amy, did you want to just quickly say hello, introduce yourself for anyone who hasn't met you yet? I've also got your website here, and then we can look at your question.

Speaker A: Sure. Thanks, Francisca. So I'm Amy from Think Better Counseling and Training, and I help people to get more love in their life from the inside out. So whether you're looking for love, whether you're wanting to revamp the love you've got, or whether you want more inner love, Think Better is the place to Bay.

Speaker B: Right, I love that pitch. We can make some of it a bit more edgy, but it's a really good, really good start.

Speaker A: Oh well, it just came to me then, Francisca, so that's on the fly.

Speaker B: So yeah, yeah, I reckon, yeah, it's, it's a good start. We can probably make some of it a bit more like, oh, I think I need that, you know, like people go need that because everyone needs that.

Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. Yes. So this is, uh, a course that I've put together, and, uh, I've recorded all of these modules. The, the difficulty that I'm having is I'm still doing one-to-one and one-to-two work predominantly, and so this is a training that I've put together that pretty much covers the really key concepts that I work with couples, uh, about so that if people can't get in to see me, they can actually do these modules and get some help immediately.

Speaker B: Yeah. Great. And the question was about, well, the outline, like what, you know, what do we think about it and then the price point and the marketing of the program. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I've, I've tentatively titled it Relationship Reboot. But it could be better served relationship reno or relationship revamp, some, some something else. So I'm not wedded to it.

Speaker B: And who is the audience?

Speaker A: So these are couples that are looking for couples counseling and are having a hard time getting in to see a therapist because there is a glut of people needing to see therapists and not enough therapists. And, so these are couples that are having difficulty. All couples will come saying they have difficulty with communication, conflict, and connection.

Speaker C: Hmm.

Speaker A: The three C's. So this covers all of them.

Speaker B: Connection, conflict, and what was the other one?

Speaker C: Communication.

Speaker B: And communication. Okay. Yeah. Great. So maybe you could just have like some sort of a subtitle. I think that the title is good. Maybe some sort of a subtitle. Involving these, these keywords, if that's what people usually come to you with. Yeah, I'm sure that's probably almost their language too.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's right.

Speaker D: Yeah, right.

Speaker B: And then in terms of the, the program, I had a look before it— I'm not an expert in relationships. I think it looks enticing. So it's really the content is more up to you. You, you have so much experience working with couples. So I trust you. I'm sure it's really valuable. The part where we can help is how to get it out there. And then also the price point, because you're saying your, your one-on-one practice is pretty much full. You're pretty much at capacity. Yeah. So really there's an opportunity for you to get people in through a program like this so that, you know, if at one stage you become available, they can go on the waitlist. In the meantime, they can do a program and there will be lots of people, I reckon, that maybe can't afford counseling, but they could probably start with this.

Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker B: Yes, I agree. So one of the best ways to, to test something like this and also the price point is to— we've talked about this, I think, in the Genius Bunch— is to run a free masterclass. Can be a 45-minute, 1-hour session where you share really valuable insights and then from there you offer the program. Yeah, okay. And you run ads basically, you, I reckon most of your audience, probably it's the women often instigating this, I would say, right? Or do guys also?

Speaker A: Guys do, but yeah, the majority, I'd say to be probably 70-30. In favor of women instigating.

Speaker B: Yeah, and most of them are probably on Instagram, Facebook. Yeah, it would be interesting to just run a— put maybe on your website, I had a look under master classes, probably run a free session, advertise it here, and then run ads to it. Yeah. Is this one the roadmap here?

Speaker A: Yeah, that's not, that's not running. Yeah. But it'll, it'll follow a similar template, I would, I would assume.

Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. So it's just, you just need a basic landing page here for the free masterclass and then you need the landing page for this program. Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: With the, with the price of it. And what I would then do is in terms, it's really interesting to test pricing because it's not necessarily that the cheapest price gets you the most conversion.

Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, I agree. Yes. No, I'm, I'm not the cheapest and I don't want to be.

Speaker B: No. So it would be interesting to say you give this a certain price. What, what were you thinking? It's 5 modules over 5 weeks or, or how is it delivered?

Speaker A: No. Well, I was going to have it as self-paced, but I'm, but again, I'm open to that because some people will smash through it. There's about 100 hours of content. And, oh, sorry, 100 minutes of content. So some people will just smash through that, like there's their bite sizes, 10 to 5 minutes with sheets that you do exercises to fill in. Yes. So some people would just want to get through that and then revisit it. But I'm also open to having it as an email sequence where it gets released And over time.

Speaker B: Yeah. I think it would be good to, for people to go to say, this is a weekly, like it's 5, is it 5 modules?

Speaker A: So 5 videos, 5 modules.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So it's, they get a weekly email as a reminder. This is the, this week we work on this together, you and your partner. And then the next week we work on the next thing, next thing, next thing. And so And then the people that want to, you know, go faster, maybe because it's all sitting in the members. Have you got a members area where they can access?

Speaker A: Not yet, but I've got a VA who can do that.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, she can just do that in your WordPress. You've got a WordPress website, don't you?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we've got ThriveCart as well that she's going to set it up in.

Speaker B: Yeah. Perfect. So I reckon just test it, set it up as a, you know, it's a 5, 5 modules over 5 weeks and then they have lifelong access. So some people that maybe do one a month, they take 5 months. Yeah, great. And then for the price point, I would just test. What were you thinking?

Speaker A: Well, I hadn't— I was thinking Obviously something with a 9 and a 7 in it.

Speaker B: Yeah, good, you paid attention.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's right. So, um, I'm not sure whether to go like the, um, $497 for, for a guy, for a self, um, a DIY where you go through the modules yourself and then have an upgrade version where you actually get Uh, like, uh, a few sessions with me, and then that of course goes up to a much higher price point.

Speaker B: Yeah, maybe what you could do is what you could trial, what I was thinking is advertise it on your website, I say $970 or $997, and then on the, so the public price is $997, and then on the webinar you offer it at 50%.

Speaker A: Oh, beautiful. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's it.

Speaker B: Yeah, beautiful. And then see what the conversion is. Let's say if you have, if you have 20 people show up to your webinar, to your, to your free session, how many buy? And then, you know, it can become really quite enticing if, if it covers more than your advertising costs very fast. And as I said, it's really interesting. We just did a test in terms of price point. We're doing marketing AI sessions and we do them like every week, every 2 weeks, Kevin and I, and it's for the marketing AI bunch, which is advertised as 2,000. And we did a campaign over a few sessions at making it 500 on the session. So massive discount. And today we tested to do a 50% discount. So we went from 500 to 1,000, same conversion rate.

Speaker A: Oh, that's fascinating.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, it's not about the price, is it, Francisca? It's, it's actually about the emotion that you can evoke and that sense of need.

Speaker B: And the right audience. It takes a bit of time. I mean, I don't have enough data to say that it's exactly true. We've only done it once now at the new price point. We need a bit more data, but I think it's about attracting the right people. That want this and offering enough value for them to go, yeah, you know what, this is worth it. And it's just how you pitch it. I mean, is your relationship worth $500? I mean, hopefully way more than that. You know, is a divorce more expensive than $500? Generally a lot more.

Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker B: Pitching it in that way, it's like, how much value would you put on your relationship? Well, it's invaluable. Yeah, yeah. And your kids and all this stuff, you know, like how much does it cost?

Speaker A: You don't— yeah, so it's those pain points.

Speaker B: Yeah, and also desire points.

Speaker E: Yeah. Hey Francesca, can you repeat what you said about the prices, the trial again, please?

Speaker B: The ones that we trialed?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, the price that you said.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. So the, the public price on the website is is $2,000, $1,997. So always 9 and 7. So $1,997, roughly $2,000. We tested it and it's, it's full of value. It's, it's still, it's too cheap still, but for us it doesn't cost us that much to run with more people. It's a 12-week program. We tested it at $500, but they get it for $500. And then we also tested it for today. We got, we've gone up to $1,997. So we doubled it and it had zero impact on the conversion. And this is usually cold. This is a cold audience from advertising, from Meta advertising. And the Meta, the ads are doing really well. We get about, which is really quite unheard of, but it's because it's the topic. And the more you run these ads, the more you learn about your audiences. We pay about $8 to $10 for somebody to book a free ticket. And then about, you need to work your numbers backwards and Amy, you will get to this data once you start running. But let's say we pay about $8 to $10 for somebody to come to a session and it's super valuable session. Even if you never see us again, you will walk away going, this is amazing. I can do something in my business. And then about 50% show up. And about 20% join the marketing AI program. And then the more they get to know us, the more they're gonna wanna do things with us.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, of course.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker D: Thank you.

Speaker B: Is this helpful, Amy?

Speaker A: This is great. Yeah, absolutely. And in terms of the wording on the modules, is that because obviously, like you said, I'm the content expert, so I'm not concerned about the content. It's more in the way that I've worded it. Does that sound enticing enough?

Speaker B: I'm just, um, looking at it again, and anyone else feel free to chime in too. So we're looking at the wording here. I'm just thinking, would it, would it be making me want to do this? I think it's okay. I think it could be a bit more spiced up, like make me feel a bit more things, you know, like here, like the connection bit, for example, for greater connection, intimacy, monitoring your, you know, like a little bit more about I guess the lack of connection or the, you know, the how to go from not feeling seen or heard to real connection or, you know, like just you can ask ChatGPT to help you make this. I would make it a bit more emotional. Yeah, okay. Relatable a bit. It's a bit generic, a bit clinical. Yeah. I think it could be a bit more emotional, a bit more like Yeah, you know what, I feel like I'm not connected anymore, or we're living separate lives, or, you know, we're too busy. Yeah, you know, we're heading towards the abyss, or whatever, you know, the general things that we have in relationships that make me go like, oh yes, I definitely feel that.

Speaker A: Yeah, great.

Speaker B: So I will probably just throw this into ChatGPT and say, hey, can you help me make this a bit more spicy, emotional. Yeah.

Speaker E: Yeah. I'm just wondering, because I'm a bit of a visual kind of a person, but I'm wondering if there was a way to come up with a bit of a visual to ascertain, am I on sort of a honeymoon kind of a mindset, or am I somewhere past the honeymoon, or am I at the end of the opposition of the honeymoon, looking for another honeymoon? Just to see, where am I on my relationship visually, just to see, you know, if that would help them to visualize and, you know, directly speak, okay, I think this is where I'm at. But anyway, that's just an idea because I'm more of a visual kind of a person.

Speaker A: Oh, I think it's great, Francisco. Yeah, it's great. And I just had a visual in my head as you were saying that. So yeah, that's really helpful.

Speaker B: Thanks. And you kind of want to sell the dream, hope. And, you know, I heard it, I saw a thing the other day on, it was like an Instagram reel or something, and this lady was talking about this, it's all made up, but everything in life is made up, but the 6 phases of your relationship. And it kind of gives you a bit of hope at the end. It talks about the beginning honeymoon thing, like Francisco says, and then frustration, and now like first like doubt, is this the right person, and frustration because he I leave the socks everywhere, and then this and this and this. And then at the end, if you make it through all these things, you get to the legacy phase where it's pure unconditional love. So it's kind of like selling the dream. If I make it through this, I might be here in this annoying bit here, frustration, not seeing each other. But if I make it through with this course, I might get to this legacy bit, and then the relationship is going to be deeper, more meaningful, more amazing than anything ever before.

Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely love that because that's the truth of it. If you can get through the hard stuff, that's where all the good stuff lives.

Speaker B: Yeah. So this doesn't— love that, right?

Speaker A: This— yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. I was like, oh, I have all these issues.

Speaker A: I don't even know if I want to do this anymore.

Speaker B: So if you can sell the dream, then like, oh, you know what? I'm going to invest in this because I want to go to this legacy thing.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Legacy thing.

Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Stop in the frustration thing. You know this more than anyone.

Speaker A: Yeah, great. Thank you.

Speaker B: That's super helpful. Awesome. Really good work, guys and girls, ladies and gents. Francisco, I said we are a bit pressed for time because we have a lot of questions and I have a 2 o'clock meeting, and I was just checking with you. I've got a lot of pages for you to review. Can we just look at, let's say, the top 3 or 4 and then revisit those, and then next time we do the other ones?

Speaker E: Yeah, for myself, I think it's more just to make sure that if those key message of the landing page, it's sinking in. Yeah, I think even if you go with the homepage first, I think it's—

Speaker B: Yeah, let me open some here.

Speaker E: I'm just— I think maybe if you can prioritize the homepage and the training page, I think that's the That's where I guess that's where I want you to be focusing on.

Speaker B: Contact page, child page, event, homepage here. So let's start with the homepage.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Did it open? Oh, it opened on my other screen here. Let's start with the homepage and then let's maybe do one or two more. Yep. It's beautiful, by the way. Thank you. Really, it's so much better than your last website.

Speaker E: You're very kind, Francesca.

Speaker B: Is it kind or is it like a backhanded compliment?

Speaker E: No, I think it's a learning process. I'm just grateful to be where I'm at at the moment.

Speaker B: Yeah, you're doing so well.

Speaker E: I think it's just a reality. Sometimes I look back some of my initial prototype of the of the course, I go, oh my gosh, you know, we have come so far. Anyway, I'm pleased. Thank you.

Speaker B: Appreciate it. We all do, Francisco.

Speaker F: I look back—

Speaker E: it would have been more of a concern if you said, no, I prefer the other one better. Then we're like, oh gosh, have we made any progress?

Speaker B: I think this is really neat, organized, beautiful, calm. It's amazing. And everyone, like, I look back at some of our stuff and videos and we used to have a monkey on a rocket. Like, really? You know, it's all good. It's part of our evolution. So let's have a look at this. I love this image, by the way. I think that's really gorgeous.

Speaker E: Is this—

Speaker B: did you buy this or is this AI or who drew it?

Speaker E: No, this is a graphic designer, someone that did it. So if they have used AI, I don't know, but we quite liked it.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's gorgeous. And then it does seem to go through it here. So clever. So clever. So I might just be quiet for 60 seconds so we can all have a look at this slowly and then give you feedback. Look and feel, I think, is extremely beautiful. So let's have a look at the content. On the page 2, this is the homepage here. And then I'll just scroll down. Testimonials, really good. It's really beautiful. Who wants to share something? I think we have quite a few chats here, a few comments here. Yes, from Emma. Looks good, fresh and interesting. Love it. Oh, it's too small for me to read. Sorry. Who is your graphic artist? Amy is asking. I think it's really beautiful. I'm just curious about what are we— what is the main— and I will always ask this for anything, including when we look at Jodie's emails. What is the main action we want people to take? So when they come here, most of us will just look at this first banner here, and then we either stay and read on. Or we go away. So what, what, what are we trying to convey here exactly? What do you mean, like, we're all connected?

Speaker E: I think perhaps thinking now, I think the main point I want people to be thinking, this is a practical and accessible therapeutic and training service or support. I think that's the— yeah, I think that's the That's the main point. Yeah, because that's what they're offering, the therapeutic and the training.

Speaker B: That's it. Yeah, Amy says the same thing. It's unclear to me. I am here for support because, because if I just read this, I'm not quite sure. Do I need this or who is it for? I guess the, you know, the philosophical concept of we're all connected. Yeah, I get that. But then it's also a bit contradictory. We're all connected. So if I'm already connected, I don't need anyone to connect with. But it says we're all connected. It says finally someone to connect with. Well, if I believe that we're connected, I don't need anyone. Yeah. So I feel like it could just be slightly more tight.

Speaker E: Yep. I think yesterday what was coming to me is we are all connected through our shared humanity, just to finish the sentence. I think that would make a lot more sense.

Speaker B: Yeah. And then what does that mean? So we're all connected through our shared humanity, and I completely agree with that. Yep. And, and who are we wanting to click these buttons?

Speaker E: Uh, that's going to be either the person or the families requiring the therapeutic support, or practitioner business coming for training. Yeah, or people just traveling as a curiosity to learn more about the framework. But in that sense, I think, or I guess being a bit selfish, I think what we're really trying to say is this is a practical therapeutic support and the training that involves the co-designing. I think that's, I think that's what you want people to take away here.

Speaker D: I'm seeing like there's a lot of information in the header area. And maybe just having learn more about our framework as your call to action in your header and then bringing your other two down onto the next level because it's a lot at once and they're not totally all related.

Speaker B: I don't know. Yep. Yeah, I quite like that idea to just get this a bit tighter and then, and then make me want to make this enough for me to go to the next thing. So then learn about. The CALMR framework possibly. And then just a little, I think just linguistically, I think it's just support, always, not supports. Is that correct? All the English-speaking people here? So we would be—

Speaker E: What is that, Franziska?

Speaker B: The S, I think we can get rid of the S anyway. I think it's just support in general here, supports, otherwise it turns into a verb. So support, I think just get rid of the S, but that's just linguistically, that's not really a big deal. And then where do these pages go here? Behavior support, early childhood, therapeutic. Do they go to landing pages about these offerings? Yes. Yeah. And then the training is separate too. Yep. Okay. I like that you have the N-E-I-S here. And yeah, and the rest is good. So I think just managing it to make the first bit a bit tighter. Amy, I'd like that first paragraph to tell me specifically what you are about. Yeah. So, so that this here can just be something catchy to make me want to read more. We are all connected through our shared humanity. And then just something to follow on from that.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. So perhaps I could just elaborate what you mean by shared humanity, in a sense, to feel safe, connected, and sort of empathy and authenticity. So that's, I think, what brings us in.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Um, and then perhaps to say, okay, learn more about the framework, and, and then perhaps, yeah, maybe go on to talk a little bit about the therapeutic support there.

Speaker B: Exactly, yeah. And then this sentence is pretty good. Karma helps bridge past, present, even relationship, emotion, behavior. Yeah, I think this, this first sentence is great. This kind of summarizes for people who are the right audience what this is all about.

Speaker E: Yeah, definitely. I have been learning not to be too precious about my words, so if I need to get rid of them, I'll get rid of them. Yeah, you can always give me some more.

Speaker B: This is, this is the best thing I've seen. I think it's, you're getting really good at, at expressing, verbalizing what you're all about. Um, Amy at the top, did you want to see the top again? Oh no, Amy just asked me to go.

Speaker A: Oh, I just meant that, that one that you've highlighted, Francisca, can that go up the top? Because to me that's like, oh, that's what you're about.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, maybe that could go here. See if it's too much text, but that could— maybe we're all connected through our shared humanity. And then that could be a follow-on sentence, whether you're here for behavior support, therapeutic, etc. Calmer helps bridge the past. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then get rid of these buttons like Eva said, and then just learn more about the Calmer. Yep. Yeah, I think that would be good. Okay. I love, I love the, the whole design theme that you've got, you know, this element here and then it keeps going into all the, the color scheme. Your designer is— you're working, you're working with a designer here, I assume?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a graphic designer.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, they're doing really well. Are they in Australia?

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, just same Next door to suburb.

Speaker B: Yeah, they're doing really, they're doing really well. They thought this through with, and then, you know, this year with now we're unwrapping the circle. Just really, they've done really well. They've done really well. It's hard to find a good designer, but I feel like they've done— they've also redesigned your logo.

Speaker E: Uh, yeah, yeah, he worked on a little bit.

Speaker B: Yep. Also, that is so much better than what we've had in the past.

Speaker E: Yep, yep. Well, I didn't have one before, Francesca, let's be honest.

Speaker A: Well, kind of had a mockup, right?

Speaker E: I had something that I thought was a logo, but it wasn't a logo. So anyway, it worked for a while.

Speaker B: So let's have a look at this page here too. Yeah. And Abby would like the designer contact details. Yep, yep. So maybe You can let him or her know that you got some people that might be interested. I think they're doing really well with this. It's quite, it's not, you know, it's not conventional. It's a bit unique to what you do. They've nailed it. And then let's look at this here. Is it meant to be the Calmer training or Calmers with an apostrophe?

Speaker E: Calmer training. Yes, Calmers training.

Speaker B: Yep. Belongs with everyone.

Speaker E: Well, maybe just karma training.

Speaker B: Maybe just karma training.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, just karma training.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker B: Should it be belongs to everyone and in every setting? Yep. And then Benefits of Calmer. They're going to add some icons here. This is great. And then the training programs. Really good. This is so good. Calmer 5 Rs. What exactly is this? Is this part of the framework?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker B: This needs to maybe just be a little bit rewritten.

Speaker E: Coverbites for training in Yeah, yeah, the graphic designer said the same thing yesterday.

Speaker B: Yeah, are these the 5 Rs? Because I can't see any Rs in here. Yeah, yeah. So maybe if you do have 5 Rs, they need to be Rs or call it something else.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I guess that's one of the things that if I don't have it ready to go now, I can just add on a bit later.

Speaker B: Totally. We can get rid of that for now and add later.

Speaker E: Yep.

Speaker B: Yep. Great. Yeah, it's really good. I'm really, really proud of how you've done this. It's really, really well done.

Speaker E: Thank you.

Speaker B: Is there any other pages you wanted us to have a look?

Speaker E: I think maybe the framework page, if you have a little bit of time.

Speaker B: We can do one more. And let's see. Framework, here we go.

Speaker E: Yeah, that's the one.

Speaker B: Yep. And again, the graphic at the top is really good. This is great too. This catch— this phrase is actually really good. Yeah, this is really good too here. Yeah, I like this too. This is good. Are these all the same testimonials as—

Speaker E: Yeah, for, for, for now. Yeah, yeah. Because I guess if people just go straight into that into this page so they'll be able to see it. But if they're not visiting all the pages, then yeah, but we have a more, we have other testimonials as well.

Speaker B: I don't think they need to be on every page because people will definitely check you. They definitely need to be on the homepage and maybe some of your program pages. I think on this, on this specific landing page for the framework, I don't think it's that necessary.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker B: But what I would do is have a link to your training. So, you know, I would have a link here where it says ready to, to learn the Calmer framework or ready to join one of our training programs and then go to the landing page where they can buy the programs. Cool, awesome, really good work. Okay, yeah, really well done. I'm so excited for you. It takes so much time to do a website, so I'm happy that you're still smiling because even to just to get to this stage can be very painful.

Speaker E: Yeah, now you're quite correct, and I think it has been a lot of just those moments of, I guess, clarity and enlightenment, just with a bit more of, you know, what's the purpose for you. So I think, I think, yeah, I think has come up a lot more of a clarity. So for that, I'm grateful.

Speaker B: So thank you. Yeah, I agree. I feel like it's really just going through this whole exercise has really made you to get much clearer on what this is all about. And then you can use the same design elements on a flyer. Maybe your designer could even mock up a bit of a template inside Canva because you use Canva, don't you? No. The— use the Canva tools to design flyers and things, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you could probably get your designer to just mock up a simple thing inside Canva that you can then just update the copy for your events.

Speaker E: Yep, brilliant.

Speaker B: Thank you. Right, awesome. Well done, really well done. Now, Jody, do you want to share quickly a little bit about you, your business, in case anyone doesn't know? And then let's look at your email sequences, I assume. You didn't really tell me much in the email, just that you send me these emails, but I assume these are different sequences that you're setting up.

Speaker C: Yeah. So I spoke to, um, Christo last week, um, about my website and a few tweaks that I needed to make. And he said, um, and I also spoke about lead, the lead magnet that I'd set up and also, the opt-in page that we've done on, the website. And he said, as a suggestion, maybe next week come back to the, to the advisory board with an email sequence. So yeah, this is what it's about. So I just have done a little email sequence. Um, so, and it's just a, it's just kind of like a start. So, um, This is all kind of like pretty new to me.

Speaker B: So yeah. And, and have you got the lead magnet set up on your website already that they get?

Speaker C: Yes, I do.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker C: So it's just, yeah, it's just an opt-in page on the website. Yeah. And also in store. Yeah, we, we're asking in a PC polite way. For customers' email address if they do any online shopping. And also I've done a little ditty to pop in all of our customers' bags with all the QR codes on the back and also a little promotion, fan for a fan, because it's really hot up here in Far North Queensland. So we're giving away free fans if they give us a like on Facebook. Or Instagram.

Speaker B: So yeah, well done. That's awesome. And your positioning is, you know, because with, with fashion labels, it's, it's so competitive and there are so many labels out there and it can be really tough unless you have a good positioning, unless you have a good niche and you're known for something. If you're just doing a fashion label, it's tough because then people go to crap websites like Temu and stuff. But you have your positioning. It sounds like tropical vibes. Meet boho, so tropical boho and comfortable. I think that's your vibe, right? Tropical boho comfortable. Yeah, which is really good. Yeah. And then I think, you know, this first email, 10% off, I think is really good too. What I would do is what normally works with these vouchers is they work a bit better if there is a time limit on them. Yeah, so I would just add a little bit of scarcity. And you know, you might not be able to honor the scarcity because it might be too complicated to keep giving new codes, but you could just in this email just say the code is valid for the next 30 days. Yeah, okay. Or if you wanted to be more, more diligent, you could say this code is valid for, say, October. And then people who opt in in November, they get a new code. Okay. Yeah. So, so yeah, so you could do, say this, either you say this code is valid for the next 30 days or 7 days, or you say this code is valid for until the end of October, and then at the end of October you delete it and you make a new one. New one.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Up to you. Yeah. And recommendations, I think it's really good. Free shipping is good. Yeah, I think the rest is really good. So let's look at the next one.

Speaker C: Yeah, the next one's just a follow-on from this one if they haven't taken action.

Speaker B: Oh, great. And what system are you using? Are you using Shopify or—

Speaker C: Yes, I'm using Shopify and this is actually Omnisend, like the marketing Yeah, yeah, that connects with together with your Shopify website.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. One fashion. Does it say what comfort meets individuality?

Speaker C: Maybe. Oh, yep.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. Meets.

Speaker B: Are you pretty happy to be shown as the founder, or do you want to be more hidden?

Speaker C: Um, yeah, I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm not very big on social media. I'm not really big on putting myself out there.

Speaker B: So are you, are you in the shop? Do people meet you in the shop?

Speaker C: Uh, I do all the work in the background. I'm not an awesome saleswoman either, so I have other awesome saleswomen that do that work, and I do all, all of the little nitty-gritty stuff or everything else, basically. So somebody needs to do it.

Speaker B: So yeah, this is really good copy too, because you're also talking to people that call themselves free spirits. So they instantly, they feel like, yeah, okay, that's me. If I'm a free spirit, I'm not going to shop at Temu. I'm going to shop here. Yeah, really good. We just need to now let them know that the code will expire. Yeah. So this is really great. It just needs to have a little sentence, you know, at the end or in the PS. PS, use the code Sapphire 10 by, you know, by you have 7 more days or by the end of this month.

Speaker C: Yep.

Speaker B: And then the rest is really good. And then this one, is that a follow-up?

Speaker C: I think it's just, yeah, it's just a follow-up.

Speaker B: Oh yeah, reminder, Gemma's still waiting for you. Do you have some reviews also on Google? Yes, I do. Yeah, like really good ones or on your shop?

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've got a 5-star review.

Speaker B: There's only about 30 on there, but yeah, I probably would do some screen because this could, you know, this doesn't tell me that it's really true. So, but a Google review or review on your shop, Google reviews have to be verified, so they're always definitely not faked. So if you, I will probably take a few screenshots and insert them instead of this one.

Speaker C: Okay, yeah, no worries.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's great. Maybe it needs to have the— because here you say they're obsessed with the Freya pants and the gym shirts. Are they the ones recommended here?

Speaker C: I think these ones are just auto-generated. The, um, yeah, so I think it's whatever the customer has actually been looking at, it kind of like auto-generates.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Maybe you just have to have a link to these on the, to the website. You can just link them.

Speaker C: Okay. Yeah. A link to the pants.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: So then people go to your website because all of the more people that go to your website, once you have a lot of people going there, you can do, and we do this later. In a program, you do remarketing campaigns on social. So people who have gone to your website, we're doing that a lot with Ocean Lovers. We collect people who go there and then we remarket to them, remarket them to them. Yeah. And then this one is another email. Oh yeah, okay. How many reminders did I get? Uh, like the same, you know, it's the same one, that's the same one.

Speaker C: I just must have copied it twice. Yeah, yeah. So there's just one more. Um, yeah, there's just one more. That— the fourth one. Yeah, yeah. This one, um, relates to our rewards program. So just a loyalty program. So it's kind of like trying to entice them to, to buy again, I suppose.

Speaker B: Doesn't really tell me how I can earn anything here though. So how do I— like, if I read this, I don't know, like, how do I get rewards?

Speaker C: Well, they have to, they have to sign up to the rewards program. So if they make a purchase, they'll, uh, get sent an email automatically from, um, the Smile Loyalty Program. And yeah, so basically every, I think, I don't know what the, what it is now. I think it's for every $100 that they spend, it's kind of like 5%, they get 5% discount.

Speaker B: So maybe we just need, instead of this sentence here, we need a link here where we say join the Safari Rewards Program here.

Speaker C: Oh yeah, I think, I think this link down the bottom here, I think that is a link there, join Sapphire Rewards. That's a link.

Speaker B: So if they press on that, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I didn't even see that. So maybe that just needs to be up here. I probably would get rid of this because the main point of this email is for them to join the rewards program. So maybe. Maybe that can just be a sentence here. Click here, the Sapphire Rewards Program. Yeah. And, and be reward, you know, I don't know, collect points to receive some exclusive goodies or whatever. Just a little bit more benefit of why I would join.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Just kind of like break it down a little bit more of—

Speaker B: Yeah. And just a call to action here.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then I would probably delete this sentence here, this line here, and then also this follow us on Instagram, I would delete because the main point of this email is just I want them to join the rewards program.

Speaker C: Rewards program. Okay. Yep.

Speaker B: No worries. Perfect. Really well done. That's, that's awesome. Is this the first time you're doing anything like that?

Speaker C: Well, I did something previously on MailerLite, but I did really didn't send any, anything out. So I've just been playing around with stuff and trying to get my head around these different programs and, and, and while, whilst doing, uh, all of this other work that I'm doing, it's, it, it can be pretty tricky. So, um, yeah, this is my first time that I'm actually moving forward with a lot of this stuff.

Speaker B: So yeah, well done. Once it's all set up, you know, it will be, you can just leave it running.

Speaker C: It did.

Speaker B: That's right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Once I get my head around it.

Speaker B: Yeah. Once it's set up and automated, it's just running.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Thank you so much.

Speaker B: So, so well done. Really, really proud of you, Jodie. Thank you. Done a lot of work. Awesome. Emma, do you want to ask your question?

Speaker D: Yeah, just a quick one to get an outside sort of point of view before I start this. This is our old sort of landing page for office furniture where we're really just selling bits and pieces. So Now I guess wanting to push the whole service of office planning and project management and the furniture selling is kind of on the side of that. So I guess creating a landing page that's more of its own website within our website of the services we offer and like a product guide and sort of show finished office layouts and things like that, leading to case studies and, and that sort of thing. So I'm just, um, I've got a lot of outside sort of lead bagets and things I want to start with, but I don't have anywhere to send them at the moment. So, um, yeah, it's not just the furniture now, it's, it's the services we offer as well.

Speaker B: So, so it's, it's— I think in the email here you said it's 3 things. It's the office furniture, the space planning And the project management— is the space planning and the project management the same thing?

Speaker D: Pretty much, yeah. I'm just, just trying to, I guess, develop a message. And from an outsider's point of view, sort of what's, what's the most important part to that to then sort of build the landing page on?

Speaker B: So, so if I have an office, I can either come here and just buy my own things because I know I just need 10 chairs, I don't need any help with that. Oh, I'm just going to be able to do that as well. Yeah, yeah. Or I have a new office and I have no idea how to fit it out. I can hire you guys to come in and say, yeah, cool, you know what, we can do this here. Do it's like kind of interior design plus get all the goods.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: So our suppliers will do up a 3D render and a proper plan so they can visualize it and that sort of thing. So it's a really good service. Um, I've popped up a couple of competitors that seem to be doing marketing quite well. But then how do we refocus it to work for us and our brand?

Speaker B: So, yeah, I looked at these ones here. So this is the competitor here. So it's kind of like interior design for offices.

Speaker D: Yeah, we've been doing a fair, a couple of like school staff rooms and things like that. So that's kind of our starting point for that. But yeah, it's, it's, it's obviously something that maybe we push to revamp your office. It's really important to do, you know, have good quality products in there. So I'm just at a, at a crossroads of where to focus.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. So these are the competitors. This, this website here is, is okay. Yeah.

Speaker D: So if you landed there, what would you be looking at first?

Speaker B: And yeah, it's still a bit busy. And then this one is super busy and just a bit. Yeah, like this one, I would go away straight away. It's like, what's happening here?

Speaker D: Okay, so I need to refine both.

Speaker B: Like this, this, yeah, this, I find this really quite annoying. But what they both have in a language that is pretty good is office furniture. Office fit-outs, because in your email, if I came to your website and you said office furniture, yeah, I get that. Space planning and project management, I would be like, I don't really need project management, I need office fit-out. So I think they're finding the right language. They— this language here, office fit-outs made easy. So maybe I wonder if you could just come up again with, with— so do you have two options? You have one, buy furniture, or get the, the office fit out.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker D: So they can just come to us and buy desk or chair or cabinet, whatever, or, you know, but then we can also basically from planning to completion, we can install, do it all sort of thing. So yeah, as, as I thought, like those two websites are really busy and I'm just sort of a bit overwhelmed. So I just wanted to knuckle down.

Speaker B: I agree. So maybe we just need to have a path and we'll read the comments. So maybe we just need to have a path and options where you, you know, you again, like you, they have here where you welcome people, you know, welcome to Cherry Brands office furniture department. Yeah, it's awesome to have you here, whether you just need a few pieces or you need somebody to help you do a whole office fit out, we've got you covered. Something like that. And then below you have the options. Number 1, here's if you just want to shop. Number 2, if you want to have somebody help you do the whole fit out, they can book a consultation, right?

Speaker D: Yeah, so the free consultation or free measure and quote basically, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah, so I think that's all it needs is like an introduction. Welcome, we've got you covered whether you just need to buy a few pieces or you, you would love help with the whole office fit out and interior design of your office, we can support you. And then just maybe how they do it here is pretty good. You know, here we have either just go to the shop, buy stuff, or here option 2 is office fit out consult.

Speaker D: Yeah, I like their, um, their drawing there with a bit of writing and stuff on it.

Speaker B: I think that's your good visual. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: All right, I will, uh, I'll start and I'll come back with—

Speaker B: yeah. Yeah, perfect. And let's see, from Amy, I'd want to know why I'd use someone to design it for me. What are the benefits, pitfalls am I avoiding? Yeah, stylish office fit-outs from planning to completion. Yeah, I like that, that's a good sentence. We've got you covered, whether, you know, from stylish office fit-outs, stylish office fit-outs from planning to completion. Excellent, thank you very much. Sentence you can use in there, yeah. I think as long as you can— this is quite crappy, so as long as you avoid this and maybe do a sort of a variation of this, I think you got it. And maybe just a bit about what is your positioning? Is it high quality?

Speaker D: Yeah, it's premium price furniture sort of meant for commercial spaces to withstand sort of that commercial use. Yeah, it is. Yeah, it's all got warranties and, you know, certifications and things on the furniture too.

Speaker B: So the quality is great. So maybe that positioning just needs to be also clear. So because again, if I go shopping around, I go to these guys or these guys, if you can just keep revisiting that positioning that it's premium, premium products that stand the test of time, so you don't have to keep buying new stuff. Yep. And I know these are the guys to go to for that. If I want something cheap and, you know, crappy, I go to someone else.

Speaker D: Okay. Yeah. No, positioning is a good tip there.

Speaker B: That's great.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. For everyone in every business, we need to keep— Jodie is doing it with the boho, tropical boho comfortable. For every business, we want to keep revisiting what is our positioning because there's a lot of competition. In the market for most of the experience for that. Yeah, yeah, great.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker B: Thanks so much, Emma. And last question from Kyla. Do you want to quickly come off mute and share?

Speaker F: Yeah, I'm still trying to put together a, a poster just for down at, uh, the actual surf school and our surface gym location. I'm not really feeling anything for any of these I'm not loving them and I keep changing and I've been working on them for a while. Cool, mate. Any ideas or input would be much appreciated. I just feel like they're just a bit— I mean, that last one looks like a school project to me. So yeah, I'm just not— especially for surf school. Like, I don't know if it needs to be more fun.

Speaker B: You know, did you make them in Canva or where do you make them? Yeah, Canva. I agree. I'm not feeling it super hard, but let's just work on the one that we're feeling the most. I have one that I'm feeling the most. Let's quickly vote on which one you guys are connecting with the most. If you see this as a poster, imagine this is like an A3 sort of poster at surf school, right? Yeah. Yeah. In a hostel, surf school, whatever different places. This is a poster. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. If you do a quick vote in, uh, I have a clear winner. If you do a quick vote in the chat and then we'll just work on the winner. So, 1, 2, should I make it a bit bigger? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Yeah, a lot of people are saying 1 and 4. Yeah, for me it's 4.

Speaker D: 1 is workable.

Speaker B: 1, so 1 and 4 is the consensus. Yeah, I agree. For me, 4 is the best one followed by 1. So I'm just going to delete the other ones. Okay. Now it's just a bit Busy. And, and I don't— if we— let's, let's say if we worked on this one, we don't need 3 screens here. Okay. And I think the challenge here is a bit— this, this color is not super strong.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: All right.

Speaker B: I would maybe try even if you turn this into black, for example. Yeah, I guess the the thing that people are not sure. And then obviously this image here needs to just close the gap, but that's an easy— yeah, that's, you know, you just mock this up.

Speaker F: Yeah, they're pretty, they're pretty rough. So I've just kind of put some layouts down and gone, which one do I like the most?

Speaker B: Which one do you like the most?

Speaker F: I don't know. Um, I probably would have gone— I would have actually not gone for 1 or 4. I would have probably possibly gone for 3. If we go down, where is it? Oh, don't worry. Um, you would have gone for this one? Yeah, possibly. Yeah, just because it's kind of got everything. It tells you what it is, because I was like, the first one doesn't— I wasn't sure that the first one would actually tell you what the surface compass was.

Speaker B: No.

Speaker F: Um, and I thought it gave you a bit of an insight as to what's in it, which is also why I gave you the 3 screens there, which has, yeah, the movements and the— when you look at those 3 screens, it actually has, you know, the surfing breakdowns, the movements, and a bit what's kind of included in the app, what the app looks like. But I'm happy to— I'm also wondering if I don't sort of just cut that background So it's more of a, like, a blue background, and then just have Maddie coming in on the side there on the wave. Like, just sort of have him as a graphic coming slightly in on the side and have more of a sort of, um, there's a slightly sort of bluish background that, that's on the website that kind of flows in with it, which is the same color as behind where those wording is.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's, it's just, it's just too busy, this one, for a poster. And if you think about what's the point of a poster, the point of a poster is to, to pique somebody's interest, to go like, oh yeah, I'm a surfer, this is kind of cool wave, so I'm going to go look at this wave. It's like if you think about concert posters, you know, or even movie posters, cinema posters, the best, like I sit on a plane and I look at the covers of the movies and I will pick a movie, generally I will look at it first because of the image. Yes. And then I will click on it and look at exactly what the movie is about. And they, the best movie posters, they don't have a lot of information on it. They just have something that draws you in. So, okay, or something, a headline, something like, oh, I like this headline, subheadline, and then I can go read the details. This will make me not want to look too much from the beginning. Okay, too much. This is more of a landing page poster. It's just catch the eye, get a good headline. This is a good headline.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: And then a good reason for me to download this is, am I getting a, a trial here?

Speaker F: I need to add that in. Yeah, there is a 7-day free trial, so I need to pop that in and say that. That was just like a, a literally screenshot of that off our website. And pop that, that section in.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I think, I think this is it. And then we just need to have a good reason why I would wanna download it. Yep.

Speaker E: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. Let me just, but let's just have a quick look at this copy because I think it could be a little bit more. Okay. I think too. Yeah. I think the headline is good. Personal surf coach. Yeah. I like it. Mm-hmm.

Speaker A: Anytime, anywhere.

Speaker B: What are people frustrated— I'm just thinking about surfers. What are surfers frustrated about? Slow progress, no progress, finding it really hard to, to do different things like barrel riding, coaching is too expensive, inaccessible.

Speaker F: Yeah, it was an ex— for, for surf school, uh, for Manly Surf School, if I'm just looking at them, it's— or even up at our Surfers Gym, if they're going on their overseas trip or something for 3 weeks and they're going on their surf trip, then it's accessible for them overseas. So hence the take it anytime, anywhere. Yeah, what else are we talking about? Yeah, possibly slow progress or just not being— yeah, only being able to see your coach maybe once a week, but you've got to surf the other days and sort of still progress on your own.

Speaker B: Yeah, so maybe, you know, like if we can sell the dream a little more here and maybe ask ChatGPT how to refine it a bit, but something along the lines of, imagine if you could improve your surfing skills by 10 or by 1% in every surf session by applying the techniques learned in this surf app. Okay, so, so something practical, tangible like that. Imagine if you could, imagine if you could take your, improve your surfing skills by 1% at every session that you surf by applying the techniques learned in with the Surf Compass. This probably the sentence can be a bit more, you know, short, snappy, but just something like imagine, you know, a sentence with imagine. Imagine if you could do this. Okay, I'm kind of sold on this now. If you said to me, hey, you can watch one of these clips before every serve and you will serve better, yes, then I'll be like, oh, okay, that's, that's worth the money.

Speaker F: Yeah, okay, by applying this. Yeah, yeah, that's a good— yeah, it's a good line. Yeah, because that was very— and I think that's where I wasn't feeling it as well, possibly, where I'm looking at this and I'm like, it looks like Looks like the corporate version of a, you know, a circle kind of, I don't know, it looks like corporate marketing to me sometimes. So yeah, breaking some emotion would probably solve that issue.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think the visual here, this visual here is, is pretty professional. You've done, you know, for, you're not a designer, this is pretty good for a homemade Canva flyer. Okay. Like, I think a designer could sell you this concept here. These ones, I would say, nah, too busy. I don't know where the app goes. I don't want to read all this stuff. I just want to read that I can improve my skills. And then when I download the app, I can read all the other things that I'm getting. I don't really care as long as I can surf better. So just maybe just include one sentence here. You know, I think this part is good. And then maybe just add, imagine if you could.

Speaker F: Yeah. Yeah, okay, great. Improving our— yeah, yeah. Do I mention that it's—

Speaker A: the pricing's like—

Speaker F: could work out to like 32 cents a day or something like that?

Speaker B: Yeah, you could.

Speaker F: How much is the app a month? Um, a month I think it's about $17, and a year I think it works out to like $117 over the course of an annual subscription.

Speaker B: Yeah, so how much is it a day?

Speaker F: Like 30 cents, you say? It's something like 32 cents a day.

Speaker B: ChatGPT was throwing that one at me. Yeah, yeah, you could, you could include that in the, you know, download the Surface, or trial the Surface Commerce for free for 7 days. If you like it, you'll pay less than $0.30 per day.

Speaker F: Yeah, okay, great. Yeah, I just needed to drive it up, I think, make it, make it something. Yeah, because it's, it's, it's surf school. I mean, like, Service Compass is meant to be the sort of mature version of Surf School. Yeah, you like. So we've got Surf School, then we're getting a bit older at Surfers Gym, and now we're kind of maturing at Service Compass.

Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's a great idea. And maybe you're being a bit too harsh on yourself too. So maybe just work on this, get it done, print it out, hang it up, and see how it goes. And then you can always test different things because suddenly somebody will go, you know what made me download it is this sentence here, or Or you know what I like? The more you get it out there, the more people will say things on the app even.

Speaker F: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then the more feedback you get, the more people leave their comments, you can then use their language.

Speaker F: What they say.

Speaker E: Okay, that sounds good. As I was listening, Carla, yeah, maybe I run out of money, so my last 2 cents for the day, I'll save those 2 for you. Okay. But I'm just wondering, because I think I like what you mentioned before about those techniques. So I was wondering if on that page on the bottom there, if there was something along the lines, you know, check the techniques that will serve you through something along those lines. So that requires them to be clicking on because as you were sharing, I think I agree with Francesca. I think we're coming to the stage in our lives where we don't want people to be showing us stuff, want to be discovering it. And so I think that peek on the top is beautiful. I think therefore then if I want more information, I know where to go and get it. So you don't need to be, yeah, something along those lines there. So I guess it'd be a similar thing. Download the Server Compass also for them perhaps to click here to learn those techniques that you already have on the side there. So yeah, then it's up to them. So it's available in a similar way.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: All right. Thank you. Thank you. Awesome. Great. Thank you so much. Thanks, team. Really great questions and great feedback. Awesome to see you here. Any, any final words from anyone?

Speaker D: No, that's great.

Speaker B: Well done.

Speaker E: You're well done. I think just my word of, um, maybe just my word of appreciation to everyone here has been along the way with me since day one, almost a year now. And so I really wanted to say thank you, and I think I've been able to learn a lot from each one of you here. So for that, I'm very grateful and thankful.

Speaker B: So thank you. Oh, thank you so much, and right back at you. You're always so helpful and generous with your knowledge, so appreciate that. Awesome. All right, have a beautiful week. Go get them and keep implementing, and we're here for you, so reach out and we will help you out. Okay, thank you. All right, have a good afternoon.

Speaker E: Bye-bye.