Speaker A: Awesome. Well, what we might do, we can start with yours. We'll start with your question first. There's been 3 sent through, which I know Jodie can't make for sure, and Paul was a bit of a question mark whether he could attend or not. So all good. I'll still review theirs, but they can to the recording. And for you, let's go to you.

Speaker B: So yeah, I basically sent the original letter that we've been using, which actually got 2 responses, like right as I was rewriting and sharpening and shortening, we got 2 responses into our general box, which was just hysterical. I've reached out to them to schedule appointments, But anywho, it's funny.

Speaker A: And that was with the original one.

Speaker B: That was with the original one. Yeah. So, okay.

Speaker A: Well, like, I think if you got 2, let's hopefully we get more with the—

Speaker B: I thought it was funny because we're, they're very targeted and we only sent out, we're only sending them out to certain levels of jobs posted on one particular job board that's very nonprofit focused.. And I've just instructed my ops manager to just, every day there's a new job, I'm like, put it on the spreadsheet. Let me just take a look to make sure it isn't somebody that I know that I really want to avoid. Um, because there are a few people in this industry I don't want to work with. And, uh, she's been sending them out and she's like, we're not getting any response. And I said, we've only sent out 120. If we get 1 or 2 responses. Off of one email, we can consider ourselves geniuses in email marketing because I said, and we did. I mean, I'm like, that response is actually really good. Yeah.

Speaker A: So, yay. Any response is great. So, and especially when it's from an email, you know, the email's kind of, exactly.

Speaker B: So I'm definitely looking though to sharpen and crisp things up and Yep. Be more resonant. So that's why I sent you the before and the after.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay, cool. Um, it's always the way, isn't it? As soon as you kind of wanna change something, then you end up second-guessing yourself cuz now you've got some responses from this one.

Speaker B: So, but that's, well, make it better. We just wanna get better and better at this. And, um, you know, well, part of it's the energy. I, I'm a firm believer that You got to play to win. Yeah. You know, so it's some of it, frankly, what do they say? Luck is hard work and opportunity crossing paths. And I told Danica, I said, this is what you call spaghetti on a wall, not necessarily skill. So hopefully what we call you guys BB. So hopefully what BB will give us is a little bit more skill with the spaghetti that we're throwing.

Speaker A: Make it a bit more sticky.

Speaker B: Exactly.

Speaker A: So, so what we got, you're the first one. So I read through it all and you're obviously aware of what's in it. So all here I do from a marketing perspective to grab attention and from our experience, prefer the shorter one. So you've done really, really well with that. Only little tweak here. I just made it as kind of track changes at the moment because I thought I'd do it with here so it, so I can explain it and rather than butchering your, your lovely laid out Word doc, I'll, I'll do it with you so it makes sense. But what I was thinking is, so the, the, the subject, if it's worked, it's good, you know, and, and this is great. It's kind of catchy straight away with a, your headline there. The little introduction here typically where we'd flow the way we'd flow with text like this as marketing copy, like copywriting as marketing text, we kind of want to build up a little bit more need before we give them that. So kind of, you're the solution, you know, my name is Beth, you know, CEO, principal, boutique, you know, it could be how long you've been, our clients are mission-driven. Like, so this is the solution. So what we gotta do is kind of make them desperate for it first. So it's like, ah, so really what we're trying to do is hit like, what are they thinking and what's their problem? And, and this paragraph is good. So what I'm suggesting is we move this one to sit above this one.

Speaker B: Okay. All right.

Speaker A: So I'll do it.

Speaker B: Feel free to rip apart. That's why I sent it to you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Track changes here and then Heidi will send you this back, but it'll all make sense. I'm just gonna move that and put it there. The, and then it might not be grammatically correct, but for marketing purposes, we wanna make it really easy on the eye. So because we're all, we're all overloaded with spam, right? Like inboxes are too crowded, cluttered and everything. So with any text, we wanna make it really pop on the eye. So what I'd suggest here is a line break. So that they see their name, they see that real— it's really just slightly easier to consume. You may be experiencing a high volume of responses but not finding the right candidates. And then even another line break there just to make it really easy on the eye. You could even state it as a question. Sometimes a question can be a good way, like, you know, It's likely.

Speaker B: Are you experiencing?

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Are you experiencing high volume response but not finding the right candidate, you know, or too laborious to sort through? We engage top candidates efficiently and cost-effectively through a targeted process, leverages the best of technology. Ah, okay. I'm interested in that. Hi, my name's Beth. You know, you get, so then we're into the solution. It's kind of like, here's our credibility, here's, you know, what we do. So only a little change on what you've got there. I'm just kind of massaging it. But what we typically, you know, this is great because you pop their organization in. So it's really grabs their— I wonder if you just get rid of that, that headline might need to go now. Might be able to repurpose that somewhere in here, but I think it's pretty good if you have like recently posted a job, you know, that is a position. You may be experienced just to get to it even quicker. So if I open this, I see find people who are not just good at what they do, but who are great at who they are. And then I see Basic Bananas recently posted marketing manager position. Well, what, you know, like, or like, obviously for you, it's the not-for-profit and so on. But I see that. What's that? That's us. You may be experiencing a high volume of responses, but not finding the right candidates. We engage top candidates efficiently and cost-effectively through a targeted process that leverages the best of technology and expert recruiters. Is. You could do a little tiny one more line in there. I might consider one more where it's something like, you know, let us find the, the number one candidate for you and save you the time, something like that. My name's Beth.

Speaker B: Okay, so type in one other high impact. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, so Just some, that's just an example. You might have got it.

Speaker B: That just, that, that gives us queued up to come up with something.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Hit on, um, I'll put a little note. You kind of trying to hit on, um, a pain point. Okay.

Speaker B: Uh, or the reason for the headline at the top is to hit those companies that are values-based organizations. And who are looking for people that really embrace their mission. And so there's a reason for that. And it's also conveying our value without going into 3 paragraphs about our dedication to values-based hiring. But if you feel like it's too much, then put a notation on it and I'll consider it.

Speaker A: So maybe just, yeah, if it's how, like, what we're trying to do here, the first kind of paragraph, you're really trying to, it's good, like, you're trying to engage them with, with their, like, pain points or their desires, what they have. So this is why, like, you may be experiencing high volume response, but not finding, oh yeah, you know, you, you got me. We engage top candidates efficiently. Well, that's what we want. And cost-effective through targeted process, leverage the best technology. Okay, it sounds— that's what I want. You know, like, let us find the perfect candidate. Another one. Save you time, pain. You help me avoid. So if we— you can, you can keep it exactly as it is, or there might be a way of just slightly changing. I just wonder if it is, it like clear enough if you just glance at that. In the instant I look at it, do I— solutions, should it be recruitment or something involving hiring?

Speaker B: I don't know. Solutions for evolving hiring needs. I don't know. I think that that's—

Speaker A: okay.

Speaker B: Oh, sorry. It's pretty clear to me, but yeah.

Speaker A: You were meaning this headline or this headline?

Speaker B: I'm talking about the fine people who are not, but they do. You had indicated that you didn't think that was appropriate there.

Speaker A: So, all right.

Speaker B: That's the one. The solutions for evolving hiring needs, honestly, I think is pretty clear. Yeah. It's the lead-in that may or may not be clear.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, find people who are not just good at what they do. Yeah, but who are great at who they are.

Speaker B: It was interesting, the two organizations that responded back, um, one was the Boys and Girls Clubs and the other one was the National Guard Association. Right. So we clearly keyed in on their value proposition with that headline. Yeah. But certainly didn't key in on value proposition. That may be, we may have to target that because, for example, we haven't gotten any responses from trade associations with that headline.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: The two places we got were organizations that when you look at their mission statements, they are all about values and all about who they represent and their mission. Trade associations are about their industry, certainly about their members, but it's a different— it's more of a business focus as opposed to a values focus.

Speaker A: Gotcha. Which one? You could, or maybe it's even, I don't mind it to be honest. Like it's as long as it doesn't, yeah, get to feel a little bit like I read that and it's a little, you know, like if I lose interest a bit because it's quite a long kind of, right?

Speaker B: Got it.

Speaker A: You could drop it here before you could move it to just before Yeah, and I think that that's too much for the middle.

Speaker B: Honestly, if we— my gut is telling me to keep it on values-based organizations and anybody who's a trade and a professional organization to remove it altogether. Yeah, I agree.

Speaker A: Yeah, I agree, because this part down here, if it's like efficiently, cost-effectively, they're the words that are going to resonate with the—

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker A: So take it out for them and leave it. Exactly. Yeah, I don't mind it also because of you, um, you know, the, the style of recruiting you do, and it's, it's open to everyone.

Speaker B: We're also trying desperately to make sure that without using the terms diversity, equity, and inclusion, yeah, um, that we are, you know, conveying that we You know, we embrace your values.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, alright, I think that does that.

Speaker B: You know, so, yeah, how about, how about the leading edge service value price?

Speaker A: I think it's, I think it's good. Provides, you know, high touch. When I read through that, I had no issues that rival traditional retained search. Firms in service and cost. It's good. It's kind of just almost like saying, you know, these are your priorities. You know, this is, this is good. I don't have any. I think this is good. It's kind of like being upfront, you know, here's some—

Speaker B: Right. Well, we want to be transparent about the pricing. We're not free, but we're certainly a lot less expensive. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And that's good. It's good. And then the call to action is great and you've got lots of, you know, got the options in there as well. Right. Some people email, some never email.

Speaker B: We're still trying to decide whether we use a Calendly for offering scheduling or if, because we're kind of known for being very high touch and we still have a, we still do a lot of interface on our scheduling. We have not automated our scheduling. We're very high touch at touching our candidates, touching our clients.

Speaker A: And I'm wondering if we need to just, you know, I think it's good actually having the option there. So I think, yeah, not as the only way. I like in a typical call to action, especially if it's by email or if it was printed and posted or anything, I'd always want to like have multiple, because some people look at this and some people are just email people. They're gonna email you no matter what you have there. Some people are gonna be phone call people because they're like salesy, you know, they're talkers. And there are other people like that just don't want the back and forth or fiddling around, so they'll schedule.

Speaker B: Right. Which frankly, that makes me insane. The back and forth personally.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. I personally don't want the high touch when I'm dealing with somebody on the external.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: That's, that's, it's, there's the same, there's people that are like, yeah, I just, you know, don't touch me, just get me scheduled.

Speaker A: I'm busy. Yeah. Don't even, I'm booked in. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. All right.

Speaker A: Um, no, this is good. And I, and I think it's great. Like you don't have to, it's like the other version you say more obviously, but you, you know, in a first, the point of this is to get you in contact. So It's great that it's, it is a bit shorter. Sometimes it's like you feel like you're leaving stuff out, but reality is mostly in marketing, the less you say, the more people actually consume it.

Speaker B: It's like the more you say, yeah, I like, I tell people with resumes, you've got too much on this page. All I can see is a bunch of letters. Yeah, you know, you need to take a third of it off so we can actually see what you're saying. Don't dump your entire briefcase on the desk in the first page. Yeah, yeah. So I think that first letter we wrote was way too inclusive. I would love to even shorten this more, but I think we'd end up losing some stuff. So I think that's as— I think that's as brief as I can get it.

Speaker A: Yeah, and that's good. This is good for now. And the people that don't want to read it all, they'll read the first paragraph and then they kind of skim down and go, Oh yeah, they read this headline, they skim it, and they go, okay, cool, that sounds good as well. Let's, let's move on to here. You know, that's all good.

Speaker B: Cool. All right, good. Well, then we'll make the changes, and I'm working on our website content right now, and I'll send that— hopefully have that ready to send over. Um, uh, uh, we started to get— we, we've just gotten 3 more new jobs on the desk, so One of them is a make good, so we're not going to make a lot of money on that one. We, we owe a credit because the person was a drunk. That's a whole other— that's one of those things where you wonder if you just should retire. Okay. That's where you look at your 401(k) and go, okay, would it be time for me to get out? But the other positions that we got in yesterday and today are full on, we're going to make some money on them jobs, which is really good. So, um, Yeah, so that's a good thing.

Speaker A: Congrats. Well, well done. That's, that's awesome.

Speaker B: I was also the organizer for our local Indivisible March, so things were a little crazy up to 2 weeks ago, and I was able to refocus. Danica's like, when are you going to finish the web content? And I'm like, when I finish dealing with security for a march. Okay, so we're doing what we can here. All right. So good. That was great. Very helpful. I appreciate that. Awesome.

Speaker A: Yeah. With anything else like the, the site and anything else, just send them through at any point in time and we can keep things going.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I'll, I'll have that over in a, I'm, I just need to, I'm overanalyzing. I think I just need to send it to you and then have you critique it and we'll go from there. Yeah. Anything's gonna be better than what's up now as well. I need to stop massaging.

Speaker A: Yeah, you don't have to get things right before sending to us. Sometimes exactly people overthink and think, oh, just trying to get it right before I send. It's like, no, no, no, that's why we're here. Just like get it off your plate so we can keep it moving with you. Okay, cool. What I'll do next, I'm gonna, I'll jump onto these other questions that were sent through. So you're welcome to stick around or jump off. It's totally all good.

Speaker B: I'm gonna jump off because I'm about ready to pass out.

Speaker A: 1:30. Yeah, good night. Bye.

Speaker B: See you. Thanks, Beth. See you. Thank you.

Speaker A: Bye. Hey, Dora, I can see you there in the background.

Speaker C: Uh, hi, Christian.

Speaker A: Sorry, I joined the, this session because I was just curious how this looks like, and, you know, of course, what I've got, because, um, a few people, a couple of people have sent questions So it's only a tiny group because it was Beth today only who, who was here. Um, so Beth had a question and then, um, I'm just gonna continue on for Paul's question and also Jody's, uh, feedback and then they'll get it in the members area. So this will still be recorded now and we'll pop it in the members area.

Speaker C: Um, because I, I'm new to the, to, uh, to, to the app. I used this before, but I'm still, um, learning how to navigate through, uh, uh, through your course. I found few past session which I watched the recordings and trying to write the articles for you. Even now I'm doing, I'm doing this because I missed the yesterday's session.

Speaker B: So sorry for that.

Speaker A: Well, no worries at all. What we'll do, best to talk about that stuff on the, you know, on the team calls because we'll, um, get this recording now, which will also go in the members area. So these guys get their feedback. Yeah, and it's good you could jump on. So this is how we do the advisory board each week for members. Cool. So I'll jump, I'll go, because Paul sent through a question. Paul, for you, when you watch through in the recording, you said if you have a minute, I know you were, the question was directed for Francisca and I wasn't sure if you'd make it today or not, that live, that's all good. But basically you've asked how you can grow your own personal brand while growing the ProSocial brand, you know, and how does that work? Obviously you want, and you've mentioned you want independence from the organization, but you've kind of helped to build it so much that you're so ingrained. But basically it's like the way I think without you being here to, to kind of discuss it a little bit more, you can definitely build your own profile while building your brand's profile. The way I like to kind of think of it is your own profile is like a marketing, extra marketing resource for the brand anyway, for the business. And then if you want to promote other things with your personal brand, you can because you're building your own kind of brand which sits alongside the business brand, which is totally fine. So brand building activities like the book that has your name on it, you know, publishing a book, speaking, presenting, being a guest presenter at business events, even a personal website with your own kind of profile, your LinkedIn profile to make sure that's really updated and credible looking as well. The social media profiles, of course, on any platforms, personalities within your own brand. You look at it think about yourself and what personality traits you want to highlight as well, because there'll be certain kind of— it's almost like personality traits, like maybe if you want to be known for one or two, you kind of like really try to amplify those through the touch points and the personality of your own personal brand. Any media appearances, of course, always sharing that, that you've been featured in media as well and trying to be in more media, even if it's just like podcast interviews and things like proposing yourself to be on a podcast and so on. So, you know, these kind of things, the way it works is your own personal brand will help you grow the business brand and at the same time the business brand will help you grow your personal brand because you're, you know, like founder of this, of ProSocial Life and so on. So it actually helps with the credibility as well. It's like when I'm booked to speak at a speaking, you know, like a keynote presentation at someone else's event, like a business event, they'll introduce me as Christo Hall, you know, one of the founders of Basic Bananas, plus, you know, professional surfer, plus, you know, past business of this, plus da da da, you know, it's sort of, it's all about you. And so, and that just kind of naturally happens as well because if you're a presenter, it's you presenting as you. So yeah, obviously we can expand on this further, but absolutely fine. It rubs off, the credibility goes both ways. Let us know if you want to— obviously you can resubmit this for next week so we can expand on it further or discuss it further. Also, if you want Franziska's input to have a bit more of a discussion around, I'm pretty sure she'll be running the next week's session, but I'm happy to discuss it further with you as well if you want to resubmit. And I hope that's been helpful. And I'll jump across to Jodie. I know, Jodie, you mentioned you were away as well, or not available for today's time, but you've attached the sales funnels from module 4. And you mentioned you won't be available over the next few weeks, but you'll be watching the recordings. So cool. Could you please take a look at them and let me know if I'm on the right track? Also updated the most recent blog, Finding Your Flow, the Art of Bohemian Dressing, as suggested by Christo and made the necessary changes. Awesome. Well done. Great, great work.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: So I'm gonna open up— you've been busy. This is great. Let's, let's bring a lot of these up. Actually, I'll start from getting to know. So yeah, we'll just do the sequence of how I opened them originally. I'm just gonna move some screens around here. Cool. Now, so what you have actually, what will make more sense is if I pull the funnel up, won't it? Yeah, you've got different articles from these funnels. So we'll start with, let's go, I'll bring them all up. Cool. So, well, we'll start with this one that's on top, sales funnel. So you've created these different funnels, which is awesome. The sales funnel is for anyone else watching in the recording as well. This is for if someone purchases and it's what happens after a purchase. So we call it a sales funnel. It's kind of like a post-sales funnel. So someone's bought, then an email will come out and say, you know, it's basically about thank you and the next steps. So thank you is the subject line. Beautiful. Your Zapphire Treasure is on its way. So awesome. The good thing with emails like this where you say it's on its way, You know, there's not much more exciting in our inbox nowadays than, you know, your package is shipped or the warehouse is packing your recent purchase. You know, we're just high-fiving ourselves in the back of the shop while we wrestle over who gets to pack your, you know, your beautiful purchase. They're the kind of emails we love. It fires off the endorphins, the online shopping thrill. Now this is cool. So this is good, good subject line basically is what I'm saying. Thank you for supporting our small business, family-run boutique. Your treasure, your Zephyr treasure is now being carefully packed with love. Cool. This is all great. Really cool. Every piece carries a story. So this is great for the brand as well. I like that through each of the emails basically in all of the funnels. You're kind of painting the story, telling the story of the brand a little bit through all of it, which is great. Really, really cool to kind of help us understand the brand and the essence of the brand. So really good how you've done that basically in all of them. And then what we suggest in that very first email after someone's purchased is promote something else. Let them know what else you have because typically as online shop, well, as shoppers anywhere in a store online, we kind of go and look for the thing we want, we buy it, and we tend to not notice everything else on the site. Like, as, as a typically small business owner, we think, you know, if it's on the site, everyone knows it's there. But as a shopper, we don't look at everything else. So you want to feature other items in an email like this confirmation email, which is a really highly engaged with email. So after you've bought something, the open rates are a lot higher than a general kind of newsletter because it's, you know, treasure's on its way or like an email that has, hey, here's your receipt. These kind of emails get a lot higher engagement and then that's why it's a great idea to promote. So it's kind of like what we're doing here is saying, you know, on like on an online shop, online store, when you buy something and it says people who bought this are also interested in this, this, this, we try and include that kind of content in the email. Cool. And you've done that well. So you've got the Freya Pants, the Gypsy Skirts, and a link to accessories. Cool. So obviously if these things complement whatever they've bought or complement everything or it's sort of bestsellers, that's great. Well done. I like it. And then days, 2 to 3 days later, a little, a little bonus email, which is great to encourage engagement, encourage people to open your emails and train them on the kind of content you send. We're grateful to have you in the circle. To say thanks, here's a little something, $10 off. So this is awesome. And if you have a moment, we'd love you to check out these stories. So these are great articles which you have created. I've looked at the articles. Obviously, we gave feedback on one last week, which you mentioned, and then you have sent some through. So I'll jump across to those in a moment as well. Just on this sequence, the rest of this is awesome. So You know, the little stories about the brand and the, the kind of background, it's all great. I read through all this and it's all great. You're part of something beautiful, you know, and you got the testimonials. Please leave us a review. So after they've purchased, this will go out 2 weeks later, which makes sense because they likely should have received it by then. And now is a great time to ask for a review. And then invitation to return 3 to 4 weeks later with an incentive to get them back in the door. And then another one to 2 months later, which is cool. These are great. What you can do in all emails, I did notice you, you did it in one of them, which I'll get to. I think it might have been in the, well, I'll get to it. It was in one of the funnels. You did a great job with the PS. Now the PS in these ones, there's no PS. So typically one of the most highly read parts of any email will be PS. So you could include a PS, and then what we're trying to do with that is either a call to action, typically in the PS. So it could say something like, You know, right now, the whatever, the gypsy skirts are selling, selling like hotcakes, or my personal favorite, check them out to here, or with a link to buy, or it could be something like, here's what, you know, here's a recent comment, or here's what happy people, our happy customers are saying. And then you, you know, whatever, insert best I've ever had. I'll just put this as an example. So basically you get a snippet from a testimonial and you can include it there. So what we're aiming to do here now is increase trust in the brand and so on. So basically, you know, it could be a little snippet from a testimonial, build trust, or call to action to, you know, in the PS. And you could actually do that in, in pretty much every email. You might want to do it in every single one, but the reality is they're all pretty spread out. Like, you know, this is a whole week later, so you could use the PS over and over and over. I wouldn't make it too long, but just kind of short, you know, a short snippet from a testimonial. Maybe you want to mix it up. Here are some frequently asked questions, you know, in the, in the PS or call to action or happy, what happy customers are saying review. Otherwise, that one's awesome. This sequence is all awesome. This, this funnel. Cool. The next, this content, I'll just roll through how these are laid out. I know it's a little bit jumbled, but the, the content here and meet the makers behind which you reference from the funnels, all good and it's great. So it really helps build the brand. I like it how you're, you kind of have these stories behind the brand with like meeting the makers, also the, the, the team as in your team, you know, in your shop and so on. It helps to kind of build the brand and everything is nicely in this kind of like bohemian style as well and in the language and so on, which is great. It's like a, Something you could potentially even do with some articles could be like, here's how, you know, someone, whatever, grew their Bohemian, not grew, but whatever the wording is to, you know, amplify their Bohemian presence or style or something and kind of a little story about them. Or here's a story of someone from a customer or a team member who had an adventure that kind of suits with the Bohemian style. You know, something like that, that one of your team recently visited Bali and as part of their process and what they love to do, they visited some makers, some ceremonies, a tea ceremony. Like, it's kind of like what Patagonia do very well with their brand. It's, they talk about the people who use the brand or ambassadors and things. Obviously, it's nothing to kind of do with the brand. It's like a customer or someone they actually sponsor. And that person goes off on these adventures. So they kind of like, the article might just be the story about someone's adventure trip or mountain climbing adventure or whatever, and they tell that story, but it helps us to kind of feel what the brand's all about and understand the brand and kind of associate it with that and that adventure and so on. So same goes with what you're doing here, which is great, and obviously it'd be good to continue to do and expand on even further. The more about the brand. Awesome. So this one, no feedback on this. All good. So this one's even more behind the scenes. This one, I feel like it's great for understanding your brand again even more. It's not so much like an article where I'm gonna like rip in and learn something about, you know, the process or matching colors like your other articles and matching your eyes with your clothing and your hair and your skin color and all that, and your, your mood with your clothing and all that. Like, those ones are really cool tip articles, whereas this one's kind of like more background behind the scenes about your business, which is still great. Again, tells the story behind the business. Like, again, an example like Patagonia where it's kind of like, here's how we're created and why. So this is great. That one's all good.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: And then on this one, promotion funnel. Cool. This one is so for anyone else listening in, this one is a watching the recording. This one is basically to run a promotion to push for sales. This one is so there's a series of emails, email 1, email 2, Email 3, and it all makes sense. You got 2 weeks before, a week later, 3 days before promotion ends, 24 hours before promotion ends, and then, you know, 5 hours remaining, and then after promotion has ended. So this is great, and you've done well laying it all out and making it really clear like this. Something beautiful is blooming at Sapphire. With subject lines, something we've found, and especially when you're running a promotion, you, if you can reference time. So I had the team go through years worth of email, like a few years worth of our, all our emails that went to like tens of thousands of people and just look at like the open rates. So who, what emails did they open the most? And is there, were there any kind of like common threads that they could see amongst all of these emails in terms of the ones that got the highest open rates? The only thing we could recognize that became pretty obvious was subject lines that reference time. That's how I explain it anyway. So if it says something like, this is next, next week, or something beautiful is blooming in 2 weeks' time at Sapphire. So if it said, because I think the time thing makes us go, oh, it's not just general kind of like article information that I'll get to later, which this could be potentially. As it currently is. Whereas if it reference says, you know, something is blooming next week at Sapphire or this month at Sapphire, it's like, oh, I better have a look because there might be a sale on that I'm gonna miss out on if it's happening this month, or this is happening on Wednesday next week or something like that, or in 14 days. You'll get better open rates. So if you can put something in like that, I'll just say time, e.g., for the next 2 weeks, maybe. This actually, this actually leads me to my next question. We have something special to share, and it's for our beautiful Sapphire community. Our Tropical Treasure event is just around the corner, celebration of color, comfort, connection. This season, we're unveiling new artisan collection— collection, sorry— inspired by the markets of Bali and rainforests of Kuranda. I hope they're pronounced— early access bonus. Join our event early and enjoy 10% off, a free gift with your first online order. 10% off plus a free gift with your first online order. So this is where I have a little bit of trouble at the moment. Spots are limited. Our small team and boutique space fill quickly. So yeah, where I got a little bit confused is so early bird, early access bonus, join our event early So maybe this needs to be something like book in for our event because suddenly I was like, wait a sec, 10% off your first order. Is this an online sale that's happening right now or is this, you know, is it an actual day and date? If you need to put maybe something like another headline here, I guess. Like a when and where, just to, to clarify what's going on, because I don't like, um, if that makes sense. It needs to be so clear, like, you know, a 4-year-old, 5-year-old kid can understand it. So when and where, um, in store, you know, with special gifts, snacks, whatever, da da da, on date. Early access bonus, join our event. Maybe it needs to say something like, because join our event. So is that, is the event started online? This is where I got a bit confused. You know, or register early and enjoy 10% off plus a free gift with any online purchases or something, or for your first online. So I trust you understand what I'm saying here. Got a bit confused. Spots are limited, got small boutiques. So I assume it's obviously in store, but it needs to have some more, more info. Yeah, and that's the link to the, to the store. Okay. So yeah, it needs, needs some more info here to explain it. What are we talking about? And then book early or early bird registration bonuses for early bird registration if that, if I'm on the right track. And then something like, you know, register for our, for our event early and enjoy 10% off. Plus a free gift. So is this 10% off in the shops? Even this was a bit, obviously it's for your first order, but this just needs to be clearly laid out what's happening here. And obviously I don't want to, I can't even clearly suggest if I'm not 100% sure if it's just in store and then obviously you get the 10% off and a free gift with your first online order. If that's after you've registered, I'm assuming. 'Cause then down here you did have somewhere where it's, look, 3 days left to join the magic. Offer ends, and this is just for early registration. So yeah, a little bit of clarity on that one, and then it'll help explain in the rest of these emails as well. I think it needs something similar. So, gentle reminder, did you see this? Lovely. You're invited. Our records show you might have missed the last message. We'd hope you'd miss this. Tropical event is happening soon. So maybe it's happening on the date and early access is still open. Or maybe it needs to be early online access and early just track changes. It's still open for a limited time. Think vibrant prints, floating jewelry, and so cool. Early access and soon. Early registration. And access to 10% off and soon. Maybe something like that. Just 3 days left to join the magic. Otherwise, it's all good. It just needs to be clarity around that. Tropical Treasure event is almost here. And so this year, last chance to grab your early access offer. You'll discover new arrivals, artisan-made treasures, community, because really, are you only wanting people who can come physically into the store, or you're wanting them to register here in these emails and then come into the store, or is it just like register online and then get access to the, the 10% off and the, the gift with the first purchase, and then they don't have to come into the store, which obviously would be ideal. So I think it's kinda like, yeah, maybe in this first email, it needs to just lay it out a bit clearer as well. So like for the next 14 days, we've got early access available to the new collection, grab it here online, or, or, and, you know, and/or join us in store on XYZ date for a, you know, product launch, something like that. So it becomes clearer. Cool. Yeah, because I wasn't actually sure if there's like an actual event in the shop or something. It didn't really lay it out. In any of the emails. But otherwise it's all good. It just needs that little bit of clarity. You've done very well with laying it out and getting the timing there. It just needs the— I think we've missed like sort of, it's almost like the simplest part, like here's when it is and how it works, or register online now to get online access for the next 14 days, you know, and then something like here, use Sapphire, you know, on the 10% off and get early access to the new range. Offer ends in 3 days, 24 hours remaining, all good. This is great. You've done exactly what I said here. Take a sneak peek at what other women are saying about the Sapphire pieces and inserted a snippet from a testimonial. Cool. And then the final nudge, 10% off. Maybe it just needs to be online. Yeah, online. It's like I'm now I'm thinking it's only online, right? It's only online. So that needs to be clear, clear in pretty much every one of the emails. Cool.

Speaker B: Cool.

Speaker A: And otherwise, this is all good. Awesome. Good, good. Cool. And then I'll jump onto our next one. Getting to know our small business. So this is great. And this would be great info to have if, you know, you might already have something similar on your About Us page on your website, because typically most people on a small business website will go to the About Us page to see if they want to proceed. With the, the business. We kind of want to know who's behind it. And this is great, the women behind the magic. What can be a good idea to pop right at the very top on a kind of getting to know our team or an about us type page is a purpose statement. So you might have like the purpose statement sitting at the very, very top. So it's nice and succinct about like, here's what the business is all about. And then it has the women behind the magic. Which is awesome. Then about you, about Simile and Holly. Only, you said the first thing, this, this is great. So it's all, all awesome because the people want to know who you are. We call this humanizing your marketing when you kind of actually share a little bit about who you are behind the scenes so people can kind of create that human connection with, with who you are. The only little, one little tweak here Customers won't be as drawn to a saleswoman extraordinaire. You are because, because you own the shop and you wanted to sell. What would be more inviting? I'd adjust this title as like feature to something more inviting to the customer. So something like she's our stylist or personal stylist extraordinaire or even better, she's your I'll just do that as well. Something like, I'll just track changes. You're, you know, personal stylist, you know, just tracking changes. So, you know what I've done and you don't have to accept. But she's your, and obviously personal stylist might be the, might not be the, but something like that, you get the idea. So I feel like, oh, she's gonna help me find my style and the right fit and the right colors and so on, which is a salesperson, right? But that's what you want as the customer, the kind of like stylist to style me and help me when I'm in the shop, not just like sell to me. Cool. Otherwise, the rest of this was great. Yeah, that was the only little tweak I wanted to see on that one. Let me just check the nurture funnel, which goes on once people are in your database. Cool.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And this is great. This is where I did have a note in there. It's like, great, you're building the story like Patagonia example. So this is really cool. What you could do in these, so basically what these emails are for people in the database, it's to build the relationship, build a long-term relationship with subscribers to, you know, build trust. Share value, ultimately get them to buy, even if their decision-making process goes for 6 months, you know, 3 weeks, whatever. Hopefully they choose you. So this is great. You're just trying to kind of become the trusted advisor through these, these kind of emails and nurture the relationship. So we're so happy you've joined the Sapphire Circle, a space where soulful style meets tropical living. It's great. Every few weeks we share inspiration, I read through these and these are all great. The, and here's this PS. That was the one I was referencing before. You've got 10% off your first online order waiting in your inbox. That's cool. So a little, a little prompter to kind of move them to a sale from this email as well. And great use of the PS as a kind of like call to action. So well done. The, what you could do, something that can work quite well as a an idea in these kind of emails is if you give a little, like, one little tip in them, or what you can actually do that, that because you're referencing articles like read the full guide here, this week's article explaining how to choose prints, fabrics, textures that match your energy, not just your wardrobe. What you can do, I don't know if this might, it'll work for, I think, a lot of your articles, but like, you, if you have something in here where you almost say, here's a quick read that we think you'll love. And then you put the headline of it and then you do some points like, or it could be including, I'm just gonna do this as an example, but like, Let's make that. But obviously, if you— and so basically what I'm saying here is you can make it sort of like multiple chances at a headline. So if you almost treat it like an index of what's included in the article, it's like you're getting multiple chances. Like, so basically, if I read this headline, I'm deciding if I want to read that article because that's the headline of the article, what it's called. Whereas if you kind of summarize a little bit of like what's in the article by almost treating it like an index of here's what's included, in the article. So there might be like 3 or 4 of these, like inclusions, these bullet points, and that's like multiple headlines to grab my attention because I might look at it and think, you know, okay, article, whatever about effortless bohemian dressing. Yeah, I'm not, I don't need to read that. Like I love my own style and that's me. But then I read like how to match, oh, here I was, your eyes to the perfect, you know, the perfect color style, whatever. And I think, oh, you know what, I am proud of my blue eyes. I'm gonna read that. That bit got my attention, whereas to someone else, the hair color bit, but someone else, the mood, you know, how to match your bohemian, you know, dresses to your mood, you know, and so on. So you have these, multiple opportunities to grab someone's attention. Cool. So that is a pretty awesome little strategy. And then obviously you have, you know, a read more kind of call to action or read the article here. Cool. Yeah, you get better clicks through and engagement if you include something like this. That's a sneaky little ninja tip for you. And it's like getting multiple opportunities at the headline and multiple opportunities to hit on different hot buttons for your readers. Cool. Otherwise, in this one, once again, you could do similar to what you've done here. You could include PS in these other emails. Oops. So obviously, you know, either, either once again a call to action or, or review kind of snippet from a review or testimonial. Same thing in, in all of them. And let me just check my notes. Cool. That's it for this one. This one otherwise is great. So for anyone listening in, these are emails to nurture. It goes over week 1, week 2, another email week 3, linking to articles, building the relationship, building the trust. Cool. I've got a promo there at week 5 and then a bit of a gap 1 to 2 months later, which is all good. You could even then space them out like monthly and just have them ongoing forever. So you just gotta stay ahead of the subscribers., you know, have a new one, new content coming through. Cool, cool. And I think that was it. Let me just double-check I haven't missed anything in my notes. No, well done, Jody. Awesome work. I'll have Heidi email you back all of these just so you have them, and then it'll have my suggestions in there as well. But obviously, once you watch the video, those— these will make sense. Cool. Well done. Very good. Excellent work. And that is our final question for today. So you'll be listening into the recording anyway. Once again, feel free to make changes and resubmit, or anything you need further clarification on for anyone, anyone on today's session or anyone listening into the recording, feel free to send anything at all through, or if you don't have something clear that you want to, you know, have reviewed, feel free to send a question. Do you want to brainstorm something? We can of course discuss things as well. Doesn't have to be specific marketing collateral like pieces. Awesome. And otherwise, I'll see you on advisory board potentially next week and otherwise in the online community or on a Clever Bunch meeting. Or Genius or Freedom Bunch meeting very soon. Enjoy the rest of your day and bye for now.