Speaker A: So today, welcome to today's advice report. I am going to share my screen. Good to see you, Kyla and Joe, Michelle and Jen. We got a really cool podcast coming out with Jen too. I had a recording with Jen last week. That was last week. That's right. And yeah, I can't wait to share it all with you. So these are the questions for today. We'll get started straight away with Michelle and Cho, and I might actually just quickly bring up their website too, which I've got here. Here we go. I'll go back to the homepage. I just had a little bit of a look around. So that's the business we're talking about, the Psychological Health Center. Can you hear me loud enough? My voice is just a little bit, um, Not, not so strong today. Okay, great. And so that's the website. And the question we have, Michelle, and you're welcome to come off mute too, is you'd like to review your purpose statement here. And yeah, do you want to— why don't you give us a quick, quick background? And then I've got some thoughts around this.

Speaker B: So what did you say? Some background on— A quick background just on the, on the business.

Speaker A: Yeah, I know that's a question.

Speaker B: Yeah, so we, um, we've just been like trying to figure out the purpose statement, and we have different purpose statements for different parts of our business, so sort of struggling with that. Um, but we— our business provides, um, the workplace for psychologists to provide their independent private practices from. Um, so when we think about our customers, we think about the psychologists. We want to attract psychologists to work here, running their own businesses from here, as well as the clients who will contact here, and we will sort of triage clients and book them in to see the psychologists. So this particular purpose statement was the one that we wrote around— you got us thinking after our meeting last week around, you know, how to best write this for our, for the clients that, you know, people who are looking for a psychologist to look at our website. Um, and it helped us sort of clarify a little bit more that we think that what we do differently is that we, um, we really work, you know, we pride ourselves on, um, helping people when they call to getting the right help the first time they call and to booking them in with the psychologist in the practice who will best suit their needs. And if we don't have someone who suits their needs, we would happily, um, you know, we will help the best we can, point them in the right direction so that no help-seeking attempt fails. They're always receiving help when they're looking for help. So that led us to sort of brainstorming what the purpose statement might look like. And I guess we're just interested in some feedback about, are we on the right track here? Any suggestions how to really focus this better? And the only more specific question is the use of the terms which we've highlighted in red there— psychological care, psychological treatment, mental health treatment— you know, which words really fit best with our brand and how we think about these things.

Speaker A: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, really, really great question. And you've done a lot of free work here, and I've done a little bit of work based on what you've given us. Because what I would do in your case is you do have two different audiences. You have the clinicians, the psychologists or psychiatrists, psychologists, psychologists, psychologists who work in your, in your health center. And then you have the customers that you match with the right psychologists. I would do one overarching statement. What are you all about that, that fits For both. Yes. And so, yes, so I've done a little bit of work just today. So I said, Francisca's notes. So I just said, hey, let's, let's try, because this is all good copy and you might use this on your website on the about page or how we work or, you know, our methodology or our differentiation. You definitely, I definitely think your differentiation is that you connect people with the right a psychologist, which is unique because if I need to go see a psychologist, I usually just have one choice, right? It's like doctor gives me a referral letter and then I have the one person. I'm like, I don't really like that person. Whereas here you make sure that I get to speak to somebody who I can connect with.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Which is definitely a huge, huge differentiator. So I wrote a few options here and this is for you then to— or for now we can refine it. So our purpose. So what's our purpose? Is to help people get the right psychological support by matching them with a psychologist who truly fits their needs, for example. Nice. And that, and, and that could work across both the clinicians. That's just what, what are you all about? Because if I'm a clinician, I'm like, oh cool, they help me find people that match with me. If I'm a customer, yeah. Or another one here is our purpose is to make psychological care more effective and human by connecting each person with the right psychologist the first time. Because you mentioned a few times the first time, you know, that precision.

Speaker B: Yeah. So we like those words, the first time. Of course, it's not 100% accurate as well because I mean, sometimes it won't be right the first time, in which case we also welcome people to contact us back through our triage and say, look, this person wasn't right for me. You know, can you help me find someone else? Um, so, but yeah, the first, yeah, maybe day one sounds better.

Speaker A: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe from day one. So, so something like this, either of these and, and Heidi can send you the notes here too. So I don't have to write it down right now, but that's basically what you've done here, but just in a shorter version and that you don't need to purpose statements. The purpose statement is usually the overarching thing for the company.

Speaker B: Yes. So then we might put, um, we might put some of this on our about page.

Speaker C: Exactly.

Speaker B: Explaining how we do that.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly how we work. This, this is a lot of how you work. Yes. Yeah. Now your question also, and this is where we need a bit of audience participation. Your question is around what do we resonate with psychological care? I, I did read somewhere, um, challenges or something. And I heard an expression on a podcast the other day, and it said, it said psychological ailments.

Speaker C: Ailments.

Speaker A: That's a very old-fashioned term. Is it?

Speaker B: What do people think of that?

Speaker A: I just thought it's softer than like saying that I have a problem. Like I have a little ailment, you know, like, I don't know. But, but let's hear what people connect with here.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: Most.

Speaker B: I mean, because I mean, just to summarize for people, like our goal is like, you know, words like treatment and intervention and therapy are sort of professional, but sometimes a bit too clinical for people and a bit too pathology focused. Whereas words like care or support are a little, are not sufficiently professional. So just wondering what, yeah, what people would resonate more with, I suppose.

Speaker C: Can I jump in?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah. So just over 2 years ago, I had to stop working, but I was a chiropractor for 20 years. So I very much understand trying to find the right terminology because you don't want to be too clinical, because particularly when you are a warm, inviting, caring space, right? You're not a surgeon, right? So I always— the words I always went towards were care. Support, care plan. Always referred to my patients as people, you know, versus a patient or a client or a customer. So much like Francesca's already got in her wording there, she referred to them as people and persons. I think if you stick with those terms, it's much more warmer and much more inviting. And of course, in some of your, like, intake notes or anything, you'll have those few more clinical words. But as far as your brand and reaching out, you want it to be that soft softer, warmer, um, vibe, because that's ultimately like— that's the caring nature of what you're trying to offer. Yeah.

Speaker B: And we have— I mean, we strongly like— we have a view, I guess, that although we are providing professional, you know, um, treatments, um, we don't think about the sort of problems people are presenting as an illness or a disease or a diagnosis, any specific diagnosis. So we want to get away from those sort of terms.

Speaker C: Yeah, and that's definitely like, I mean, there's places that don't think about it from that angle. And so again, that's another point of differentiation for you and how you are caring and you are trying to match the person to the therapist versus just whatever, take what you get. And so you can just keep putting that as part of your brand and just acknowledging that you, you're trying to create a care plan, um, that matches who they are as an individual.

Speaker B: I like the idea of care plan because it just is a little bit more like treatment plan, but it's care rather than— and it's a little bit slightly moving towards treatment away from just care.

Speaker C: So yeah, and then also with care plan, that, that's a lot more than just what you offer, right? That would be your recommendations of what else they can be doing, like, for themselves and their own, like, because they have to be autonomous for their own healthcare and their own choices. So like, if you, if you say care plan, which encompasses, you know, in-practice support as well as X, Y, and Z. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, thanks. Yeah, I love that. Really good feedback. I'll get Heidi to send you those notes. And then your other question is on this flyer where, so that's a new person joining you.

Speaker B: Where does the flyer go? So when a new person joins us, we have in the past been sending out something to our referrers. We have an email list of all of our referrers and we just want to introduce them. And we've tried various ways of doing this, but actually I don't think it's effective. I don't, I don't think I haven't noticed that we're getting— I oversee all of the intakes that come through here and how they got to us, and I don't think that this is effective, what we've been doing. So we just put this together. It looks a bit different to how we normally do it. We still don't love it, but we'd like your feedback, I guess, on one, is this a good way of letting people know that we have a new person here? And if it is, how to do a better— yeah, how to do it better.

Speaker A: Yeah. And is this— so this will go to like doctors' practices and things like that? So they know, okay, they have someone else in the team now that can help with that, specializes in trauma, things like that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Definitely. Because it looks, when I first opened it without looking at your question, I just opened your documents first. I'm like, oh yeah, we're looking at some resume here. It looks like a resume. Yeah. Like a CV that I have to look at to see if it's the right person. I think it needs to look a bit more like an exciting announcement. So, you know, something like— and the logo, I would already move the logo, just visually move that logo maybe into the top right corner. And then maybe we just have a headline that, that is a bit more exciting, like, our, our family of clinicians is growing, you know, something like that. Yeah, you know, we're, we're so excited to have Eliza Renton joining us. Yeah, so just because then it also, it adds credibility because they can see that if you're growing, that means that you must be doing something right too. Yeah. So, you know, so sometimes our family, which is growing, we're so excited to have Eliza Renton join us. We wanted to share a little bit about Eliza with you. And then I don't know that you need two columns. I think you could just have text, you know, just text going across and it can even maybe be a little bit less text and just, you know, Elsa, Eliza specializes in and then the, you know, a bunch of things here. It's a lot of different things, isn't it?

Speaker B: Yeah, I feel like we can probably summarize those somehow a bit better.

Speaker A: Yeah, I reckon you could probably summarize a little bit.

Speaker C: Can I say something again?

Speaker A: Please do.

Speaker C: Um, both my daughters are neurodivergent autistic, so I, we have going to psychs and so different supports. I read forms like this regularly trying to find the right person for them. Um, so I always jump to what you've labeled as clinical areas of interest. That's super important for me to read through and go, what do they like? So as, as a person, as, as your customer sort of. That to me is more important than the therapy techniques like CBT or ACT, because I'm assuming they're trained and skilled, right? So that's just a general assumption we have as the public going, well, they finished their degree, they're going to use the skills that are appropriate in order to support these things. So I don't know if you want to necessarily summarize that too much, because someone might not be able to extrapolate and go, oh, that's me, even though it's been in the summarized form. But you can reduce the therapeutic approach. Yeah, even though as a provider your ego goes towards talking about— you want to talk about all the ways that you, you're going to provide that. As the consumer, you just want to know the areas that they're passionate about and the areas that they're comfortable working in. Or that's my experience.

Speaker B: Yeah, Nikki, can I ask you a specific question given your, your family, if you don't mind? Because on our website, Alyssa has stated that she has a lived experience as a family member of someone who is neurodivergent. Her daughter is autistic. And I wondered how important it is to put that on this.

Speaker C: I like it. Again, I mean, my, my younger daughter, she's ADHD autistic, and the acting support drama class that she's in is run by an ADHD director, and I picked it based on the fact that she's ADHD because I want my daughter to have role models in this world that are successful with a diagnosis instead of have the, you know, the general society stigmatism that they won't achieve. And so I look for that stuff. Do other people? I'm not sure, but it's something that I like. Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah, and sorry, no, go for it, go for it, finish yours and then I'll share mine.

Speaker C: I was just gonna say, try using the word passion instead of interest.

Speaker A: I actually, I would even go further because I was reading this, I'm like, well, I'm passionate, you know, I'm passionate about understudy trauma. I'm interested in understudy trauma, but I'm not a specialist. So I actually think we need to say specialises in, because we're all like, all of us, I have interest in all this stuff, but I'm definitely not qualified.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I mean, as my understanding is, APRA doesn't allow us to use the word specialises in.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: Or is an expert in. So can you think of any other words? You say specialise in? You say has a lot of experience with, has this particular interest in, is passionate about.

Speaker A: Not. Experience, past experience.

Speaker C: Can you, yeah, can you do experience? I think you can.

Speaker B: Yes, we can say experience.

Speaker C: You can say experience and then just say, say somehow use passion and experience.

Speaker A: Yeah, and just make it a sentence across. And then I would do a little bit about, you know, um, you don't need to say the headline therapeutic approach, but you can say a little bit about Eliza. Eliza is a mom of one or two or whatever, for. In her spare time, she loves to go on hikes, and she's known for her calm, kind, and non-judgmental presence. So just make it more human. Yeah, less clinical, more human, because as a customer, I'm connecting to a human. She's got kids. Okay, cool. I've got kids. She's a dog lover. Cool. I like it. I'd like to, you know, treat dog anxiety, whatever. Just, you know what I mean? Have a, have a bit more humanity in there. Yep. Okay. And then the rest is good. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Good question. And while we have Nikki, you have a question here. Do you want to ask your question?

Speaker C: I just did this. This is like super draft, you know, like pick it apart. I'll make it look a lot prettier once we're done. But I was thinking of sending this out to our email list just based on The session we did, whatever, the masterclass. I'm using the wrong term. Anyways, what questions do you think we should be asking for, like, general feedback, just to be getting this information? Do you think these are too many questions, not enough questions? Should I redo it? Anyways, that's the question.

Speaker A: Yeah, perfect. Let's, let's look at this quickly and including the wording. Yes, we can probably somehow make it a bit sharper.

Speaker C: Yeah, I figured. Yeah, I just kind of threw it together going, this is the starting point.

Speaker A: Yeah, and then this first question, what's your preferred way to support the pantry? It's actually, I'm actually supporting myself by going to the pantry because I'm eating. So I think it's maybe more a question of I don't know, what's your preferred way? Or what's a better question?

Speaker C: I sat on this one for like 5 minutes and then I moved on.

Speaker A: We need to just turn it around. It's not about supporting you.

Speaker D: It's about can you just do something about what's your preferred way to enjoy?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's great.

Speaker C: That's— I think I had that at one point and I like, I like it. So that's good. I'm changing it as we go.

Speaker A: And then what do you love most about the pantry? And then maybe please select all that, that apply. I think maybe you need to say please select all that apply.

Speaker C: All that apply. Of course, that's not even proper English.

Speaker B: Yeah, that's great.

Speaker A: I think that's all good. I think these are easy, easy, easy to pick these. Why do you choose to support the pantry?

Speaker C: I'm gonna change that to that apply as well. Now, do we wanna leave support there, or why do you—

Speaker A: why, maybe just why do you choose the pantry? Should we do even why do you choose the pantry over other?

Speaker C: Yeah, because that's the truth, right? Isn't it? That's what I wanna know is like, why are they picking us?

Speaker A: Because yeah, what makes us different? Yeah. Why do you choose The Pantry over other offerings?

Speaker C: Offerings or other cafes?

Speaker A: Other cafes. Just say other cafes, otherwise people don't—

Speaker C: we need— because we're overthinking it, I reckon.

Speaker A: Yeah. Menu could mean location, delivery, pre-ordering. Yeah. How often do you visit, order from The Pantry? What we can do to make your— you know, that question here is a really good one. I would, to make it really easy for people to answer, I would say, what is one thing we can do to make your experience even better? Because, you know, when it's just one thing, I can actually quickly think on that. If it's just open-ended, I'm like, oh, I don't have time.

Speaker C: One thing that we can do to—

Speaker A: what, what is one thing we could do to make your experience even better?

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. Yeah, and then the last one, do you have any other, other, do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? And then I wonder if you want to on the, and then the next question, I wonder if you want to just have a question there and just say, thank you so much. We really appreciate your support. Next coffee is on us. Yeah. Pop in your— do they have to pop in their email or phone or something?

Speaker C: Yeah, I'm not sure how this works. I think when they reply, I get their email.

Speaker A: Like, I think— you know what I would do? Because you want their phone number too. So maybe just one question at the end, and then they can see that actually this is worth their while.

Speaker C: Yeah, but I should already have this. I'm sending this out to our actual email list, right? So I should have already— I already have that information. I'm just surveying our existing people just to— well, that was sort of the homework assignment was to survey the existing people and then see if we can improve or find it and just learn more about what people like about us and obviously what we can improve. And then the other question that I had was the opt-in. That's the one to try and attract people to sign up for our email list. So they're willing to give their email and their phone number.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: That was like part 2. So this one, I don't know if I need, maybe I'll say yes, I'll do it at the end. Pop in your email so we can send you a voucher.

Speaker A: Or phone, I reckon just a phone number. Pop in your phone number and we'll text you a coffee voucher. Okay. Because then also when I'm, because the thing is when I get this in the mail, I will skim this and I will tell you, I will then decide if I'm going to do it or not, if it's too long or annoying. But if I see the last question, it says, I'm going to get a free coffee. I'm definitely going to do it.

Speaker C: Yes. So should that be the last question or? Yeah, that's why I kind of wrote that wording at the top because I was like, how do I get them to like actually scroll past the top?

Speaker A: Yeah, I would still— I mean, I'm a skim reader. I would hardly read this.

Speaker C: I'm a huge— I know, I know. I'm a skim reader too. I'm not even reading this myself.

Speaker A: But I would skip the questions. I would 100%. Yeah, you are.

Speaker B: I know.

Speaker A: I would 100% skip this question and I would 100% if it had here, give me your number and I'll send you a coffee. Watch it, I would then go, okay, cool, I'll quickly do it. Bang, bang, bang. It took me 5 minutes for coffee. Pretty good.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker C: Cool. All right. All right. I'll play around with that.

Speaker A: Thank you. Yeah, really good. I love it. It's really good. I'm really curious to hear about also the results that you're getting.

Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Well, fingers crossed. Okay, cool. When we have a chance, if we can loop back around to me, my next question is just a general brainstorm about What would people, customer, cafe customers want to receive in return for exchanging their information?

Speaker A: On the website or in-house?

Speaker C: On the website.

Speaker A: Do you do something in-house to get the details?

Speaker C: We don't. We just have it on our website. Oh, no. No, no. We've got like a QR code. Outside the venue, um, and there used to be one on the menu, but I think we've just recently taken it off. But basically it would scan— it was a scan to scan here to join our local VIPs email list. And when they scanned and we had their email and phone number, then they got sent, um, an email that had a voucher in it that was for, um, $10 off if they spent over $25.

Speaker A: Yeah, because I would definitely do something in-house, and maybe it's a campaign where when they pay, they— you tell them that, hey, every month we're giving away a free meal, and it's random. So if you want to enter, we can get your number and your email, and we will notify a winner every month to give a free meal.

Speaker C: Yeah, so that's an in-house version. That's good for in-house.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's a good in-house version. And that gives you really great social media content too, because then the winner comes in for a free meal, you take a photo and you're like, hey, this is the winner for this month and tell their story. And then people want to hopefully enter so you can grow your database. Yeah. On the website, what do people think? Like, does—

Speaker C: like, do you want— do you want a voucher? Do you want a free coffee? Do you want— like, what do you want? A video like showing you, I don't know, how to cook something? Like, do you, do you want just a— I don't know what you want.

Speaker A: What do you want?

Speaker D: I'm just looking at your website. That $10 off when you spend $25 on your next visit, it says visit anyway, it doesn't say visit, but that's lost. I reckon you can have that as a pop-up or something that— yeah, um, but for me, I think the discount Because everybody's talking about the cost of living now, so at least they can go and have their breakfast or whatever.

Speaker C: Yeah, so the reason why we did— this website needs a bit of an overhaul, I haven't done it for a few years. Um, the reason why we have the minimum spend, like when you spend over $25, was just so people wouldn't come in and just, you know, take $5, $10 for free and then never come back, right? We're trying to get them to like have a meal and then have the experience, and then hopefully they keep coming back. So do you think that is a good enough voucher or discount, or do you think we need to word it differently or offer a greater discount?

Speaker D: No, I don't think you need greater because for me that's over, you know, 30%. Nobody should—

Speaker C: 30%.

Speaker D: Exactly. But you need to make it that when they get that voucher, they've got to spend a certain amount again, which gets the old upsell. Yeah, impact of giving away 30% for free on your bottom line is fairly significant.

Speaker C: Yes, exactly, which is why we have that written there. So that's good that you understand that. Okay, so leave it as that, but just make it more prominent.

Speaker D: Yeah, because that's just lost in amongst everything else.

Speaker C: Yeah, I totally agree. I haven't actually looked for the— looked at the website for ages now. It's just sort of been ticking in the background, and I know it's on my to-do list. So this raises it sooner. And I have to do it now.

Speaker A: Are you, are you known for good coffee? Do you guys have really good coffee? Is coffee your thing? Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah, we're not known for like, we don't focus on latte art. We focus on really good coffee pumped out at a good pace.

Speaker A: Yeah, okay. Because I'm also thinking, because sometimes with marketing, it's great to just be honest and just go, because this should be for first-time customers only, obviously, because if I were to come in and then I just go and get the $10 buck you know, that's not so good for you. But we can always be honest and go, you know, along the lines of, have you never been to, have you never been to the pantry? We'd love to incentivize you with a free coffee just to show you how good we are, because we know that once you're in, you'll be obsessed, you know, like something like friendly like that. Yeah. Then I can also see straight away, I don't have to take the guesswork. Oh, now I get a free coffee. What are they going to do? You know, this is, uh, it's just like some weird marketing hack. It's like, okay, cool. They're giving me a free coffee. So I come in and hopefully I will love it. So I go back.

Speaker C: Do you think, so this is a question for everyone, would a free coffee pull you in or the $10 off pull you in?

Speaker A: Oh yeah. I mean, probably either.

Speaker D: Either depends, but I guess what I don't like from an accountant's point of view is on your thing, you've got $10 off when you spend $25 on your next visit, but they've also got a new freebie at the start of each month. Like you're giving me away far too much and it's—

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. To be honest, that was set up like by another marketing company, like literally 4 years ago and we stopped the freebies and I just really should pull that off the website.

Speaker D: So that's that. We—

Speaker C: I can bet you on it. Because I agree with you, we were giving away far too much and that's why we stopped doing it. So it's not on any other— that's like I pulled it off of all the other marketing and I've missed it on here so I can easily delete that. But that's not what we're doing. It's just the voucher. That's the only thing we're giving away.

Speaker A: Yeah, I would get rid of all of this and then either you just, you really honestly say, hey, new, you've never been to the pantry, we'd love to incent it, we'd love to entice you because we love new friends or something like that. Yeah, we love new friends and we know that once you come, you'll probably, you know, come and see for yourself. So perfect, $10 off or, and then you just go, you know, $10 voucher in brackets minimum spend of $25.

Speaker C: Yeah, perfect.

Speaker B: I would, Nikki, I would come for a coffee and I would come for either of those actually. But I mean, if you, if you, if you, if you make it sound like you have good coffee, then I'm definitely gonna come try it and that's gonna get me in.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: All right. So we could play around because what I do is I save the free coffees as like, if, if we have a thing on our menu, like tag us in your, when you're during your visit and if we're tagged, then we send them a surprise. And so it just says on the menu, tag us and you'll like, and keep an eye on your messages for a surprise or something like that. And my surprise is a free coffee with their next meal. So I try, I've tried to save the free coffee as like those secret little surprises and then like the, the main one be a different, something different instead of just like coffees for everyone, you know.

Speaker A: That sounds good. Maybe just keep it as that and just change the wording.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay, cool. Awesome. All right.

Speaker A: Thank you. Awesome work, Jen. Hi.

Speaker C: Hi.

Speaker A: Do you wanna share a little bit? You've, we've been working on this. Let us know what, what you've changed. I like that you're, you know, you have really strong positioning now. I don't know if that's—

Speaker D: Yeah, that wasn't there last time. You know, when I looked at it after doing basic bananas, I went, I actually don't even know who I'm talking to. So yeah, it's been a complete rebuild and I did bring this to advisory board 2 weeks ago. When it was in a Figma board. I've put in place a lot of the stuff that Christo suggested. I guess for me, it's now what does everybody think about the overview? It's not completely finished. We're still working on some of the pages. As a bit of background, we're after small business owners or new to business owners, the ones that don't get the help along the way, looking to build that database of clients that are prepared to pay somewhere between $5,000 and $7,500 a year own accounting. And I know that for some people that probably sounds a lot, but it's at the lower end of accounting fees for businesses. So wanting to do a little bit of coaching, teaching people how to build their business, their profit, and, you know, their cash flow.

Speaker A: Yeah, great. It's, it's really, the copy is really good. Like all the headlines, it's, it's very, and I think there might be Oh no, Nikki should say thank you so much. Yeah. Awesome. I really liked the positioning. It's, you keep talking about building stronger financial futures. This text could probably be a little bit bigger. Okay. Bolder and bigger.

Speaker D: Yep.

Speaker A: And then the other thing, and then anyone else, please share too. Just, these are my notes from when I reviewed this. Some of these images and maybe also just check with your developer. There's a lot of space, you know, there's a lot of space here and Here it's okay to have white space, but I have to scroll quite a lot to get to places. And then some of the images like this one is, it's very stock imagey.

Speaker D: Yeah, I know. They're the ones we don't like. We don't like that one and the next one down.

Speaker A: I don't like them either. There's a website that is a bit more beautiful called Unsplash. It sometimes has a bit, the ones that they chose are just a little bit Cliché.

Speaker D: Yeah. And we just thought we'd get it up so that we could get it going and we can change that later.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. You know, there might be some that you can find on here. It doesn't even have to be of people, you know. Could be— this is too crystally, but it could be of a notebook or, you know.

Speaker D: So I think what they were trying to do with those photos is because we're going after tradies and people in the hair and beauty industry. So I think that's why they've picked those so that it's sort of underlined if that's what we're after.

Speaker A: Yeah, that definitely makes sense. Maybe that's just some better ones.

Speaker D: We can go and find those.

Speaker A: Yeah, maybe just have a look. I quite like this website or otherwise you just use AI, but sometimes AI have to do.

Speaker C: Do you have clients? Jen, do you have clients in those niches already? Yeah. Could you go and, and actually like take a picture at their venue, at their space, and then you could say that, that highlights their business and then it's, it's supporting other businesses as well?

Speaker D: Yeah, I'm a bit worried. I really don't want to do that because then you have, if you know, one business doesn't like another business, they don't come.

Speaker C: Oh, of course. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha.

Speaker D: So that's a good point. They look at them as a competitor.

Speaker A: So you could even, you know, you don't even need all these images. You could probably get rid of this one here and just move everything up. A bit. You know, I don't think— unless this is a template where you actually do have these images locked in, so maybe check with them. But these two images, they definitely stood out to me as not very authentic. Yeah. How can we help you?

Speaker C: How many likes do you want?

Speaker A: It's really good. Yeah, Nikki also says the skimming, you know, us skimmers, it's so easy to read this website. It's, you know, doesn't make my eyes bleed. It's really good. The only other thing I said is it's a lot of images of you, which makes me think that it's just you. Which I don't know, maybe that is the perception you want to go for. Maybe the perception is that you want to go, hey, I will only get to work with Jen. Is that the perception you're going for?

Speaker D: Well, the accounting industry being the accounting industry, you do, you get a picture of a staff member up there and all of a sudden they've gone somewhere else and you've got to redo everything. So that's why we pulled all the other staff people down.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker D: This part of it is what I'm trying to grow will be with me because the, you know, as you know, Francesca, I've got the Got Money Honey and the Business Growth Academy that I'm starting to try and build. So my hope is with this is that I can move them to the Business Growth Academy. So it's a bit more of the personal branding stuff that I wanted to bring in. I could always mention, you know, the team or, you know, something like that.

Speaker A: Not even the team, but it's probably, you know, if, because also if you want to sell this business, Yeah, okay. In your, to be honest, in your industry, they're just gonna buy your clients. They're probably not even gonna buy your, your brand.

Speaker D: No, they won't buy the name.

Speaker A: They're not gonna buy the name. So it's not actually a massive deal. But you know, you could, I think that this is great. And then there's another image here. I think that's really beautiful. And that's okay too because it talks about you here, the founder. Maybe just this one here could just be a random image, you know, of a landscape or a beach or Newcastle Beach or something like that.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. I think it's really good. Does anyone else have any, any comments, thoughts, feedback? I think you've done an amazing job.

Speaker D: So that's the homepage. And then if you go with the work with us, so we're not finished on all of these, but the work with us. Is much the same. So I'm just— have I— like, I'm trying to pick up the tradies and the small stuff. Is it too much?

Speaker B: Let's check this one.

Speaker A: So we went to work with Asma.

Speaker D: Now at the moment this is all tax orientated, but as soon as I get all my stuff for the business growth, that's where it'll focus. We just had to have something there to try and get some lead gen stuff.

Speaker A: I think it's good. I wonder if you want to put that on your homepage too.

Speaker D: Which one? The lead gen, the tradies bit. Oh yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Small businesses, if that's what you're going after.

Speaker D: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. That makes sense.

Speaker A: If, if, if you want to niche into the tradie, it's a good niche to trade. Have you already got a lot of tradies?

Speaker D: Yeah, we do. Yeah. Tradies are easy to work with because they don't, they're not egotistical.

Speaker A: They just want to get their work done and not look at their numbers, right?

Speaker D: Yeah. And you know, it's an industry that's struggling cash flow-wise, so always a good one to work with. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, could possibly put it in there too.

Speaker D: Yep. Okay, do that. So I'm not sure what other pages we've got. I think we're just—

Speaker A: I looked at, at the About page too. I think that's really good.

Speaker D: That's it. This is where we're going to put heaps of, um, like our YouTube stuff. We're just getting back into doing that. We started to get some good coverage with YouTube and then I ran out of time and didn't do it. So I'm knuckling down. 12 months, isn't that what we said, Francisca?

Speaker A: I can't wait. Maybe we need to get you the AI avatar for your YouTube channels too. Yeah, so we can, you know, you don't have to always be in front of the camera.

Speaker D: Is that the YouTube, um, the AI course thing?

Speaker A: AI avatar. Oh, that we can just— because you're in the Freedom Bunch, we can just help you. You know, Kevin, Kevin is— it doesn't take long to create one. Kevin can help you in the next coaching session. Okay, I'll, I'll mention it to him. He probably has a bit of a program for you to walk you through. But yeah, 100%, that could be something to do. Okay, you could probably add in here somewhere Oh, you've added the traders in here too.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: See, like a picture like this at the bottom of the homepage would be great, just a landscape one.

Speaker D: That's my local beach.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's Maryweather, or what is that?

Speaker D: No, it's, um, Glen Rock. So it's in that part of the national park, so you can only get to it by walking down through the bush.

Speaker A: Oh wow. It's really good. Okay. It says here though, it's a bit repetitive. It says meet our founder, but we've already met you.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: Take that out, you think?

Speaker A: Probably take this whole paragraph. They can take this whole block out. Okay, because I've already met you up here. Yeah. Um, and then the contact page. Let's chat. I wonder if you can do a sexier email address than mail. I could. Bit cold. Okay. You could do, you know, hi or hello or, something a bit more fun maybe.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: And that, that's, that should be super easy to change. Yeah. It's really good.

Speaker D: Okay. We're just going to work on. And so if you go back to the home, see the top band where it's scrolling, that's where we're going to put lead gen stuff, which we wanna change every month, or do you think I should just leave it at that and put lead gen somewhere else?

Speaker A: Because I think it needs to be, it can be in there, but also needs to be somewhere else. 'Cause I don't know that I wouldn't even read that too much.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: It's not like the most, it's not where the eye normally would go straight away. I didn't really go there too much. Right. But you could, you could definitely also have it in there, a lead gen. I would also have it somewhere else. All right. You have, you have one somewhere here.

Speaker D: Yeah, that was on the next page. I don't have anything on the homepage. Oh, you don't have it here. Yeah, but I haven't got anything yet. I'm still working on them all at the moment.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So they could just add another one of these, these banners somewhere further up maybe. Mm-hmm. Okay. Maybe, yeah, maybe under this bit here. Real results, real advice, real support.

Speaker D: So not have it as a pop-up, just have it—

Speaker A: Actually, no, you can try a pop-up too if you want, but I would also have one definitely that is always there. You could probably have it in this banner here. This is another little building block that they've added. Because I've already got this at the top here, you could just add it in here as a horizontal one.

Speaker D: So you're saying remove that bit and put it in.

Speaker A: Yeah, remove that bit and add a lead magnet where it says download your calculator or download the guide to help you save on tax or the 10 hacks that you never knew about tax incentives or something like that. Sure. Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: Cool. Yeah. Awesome work. Anyone, does anyone else want to share anything? It's really good. Thank you.

Speaker D: It's been a bloody long journey getting it right.

Speaker A: Yeah. But now it's right. So now it's good enough. So now it's time to go get out there and get clients. Yeah. So, so it's, it's 100% good enough. You know, sometimes you can with websites, you're like, oh, I need to change this and then I need to change this back and I need to change this stuff. No, no, no. It's, it's done for now. Maybe in a year, you know, the few changes we talked about and maybe in a year or so you can revisit again and add little things, but it's definitely now go time. Yeah.

Speaker D: Cause we're just connecting now. We just went and got a whole heap of new calendars so that we could isolate who was coming in for money coaching. And so they just went to the one, not go to the one dumping calendar. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. You good?

Speaker D: I'm good. Thank you so much, everyone.

Speaker A: You're so welcome. What Kevin has, and I'm not sure if you, you know, when it says talk to us now, you could also have, do you use Calendly or TidyCal or one of these?

Speaker D: We just got, Kevin told us that Christo told him to do that one. So, because we don't need any of the automation through it. So we didn't need Calendly's features.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: It's got the TidyCal.

Speaker A: Yeah. So you could even hear on the website, you could get people to book straight in for like an initial assessment call or something like that. Yeah, yeah, cool. Awesome. Well done. Really, really, really proud of you. Thank you. I think those were all the questions that we had for today, so thank you so much. Thank you for asking the questions. And Kyla, you're all good? Yeah. Okay, good. You're just here to learn and absorb and get excited about the week of marketing. Which is good. I love it. And thank you for the great questions, and thank you for supporting each other. Jack, did you have any final last words of wisdom? Jack is our intern at Basic Bananas.

Speaker E: No pressure. And I was sorry, I've been pretty quiet today. I, in terms of, I, sorry, Jen, I really, I thought I agreed with Francisca.

Speaker D: Sorry.

Speaker E: Just struggling. Jen, I thought I agreed with Francisca about all the photos being you and maybe bringing— I know you said there's a lot of turnover, um, but I just feel like then they feel like it's a community and a bit of a group. I think Basic Bananas does that really well. Um, Nikki, I thought a lot to do with— I like the—

Speaker A: I didn't mean for you to have to go and tell everyone everything, I just I just said final last words like, hey guys, have an awesome day. Or, you know, like, I, I don't— I'm not meaning to put you on the spot like that, so don't stress. Just like a word of wisdom, you know, stay happy or whatever. Like, but if you don't have one, it's also fine.

Speaker E: Yeah, we'll go— we'll stick with, uh, stay happy.

Speaker D: Happy week.

Speaker A: Sorry guys. Thank you. Awesome. Thanks for your efforts, Jack. I appreciate it.

Speaker D: Yeah, awesome.

Speaker A: Poor guy, he thinks he's now going to have to remember everything. I didn't mean that, Jack. Don't worry about it. All right, have a good week. See y'all soon. Bye-bye.