Speaker A: You've got— you're progressing with this, uh, this ad. Uh, what I might do, I'll pull up— I'll just pull the whole, um, question across because a few parts to your question. Um, you're progressing with the, the ad for the, um, Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club, uh, the ad and the editorial.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: Um, and so the first part of your question, you've mentioned basically that you want to know like what are the main parts to include in the ad? Like, so there's gonna be an ad to it to include. And what are the components like logo, the hero shot, the QR code potentially so people can follow a link?

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: What now? So first thing is just to start to draft it so you could draft it maybe for next week's or depending on when they need it by. You probably wanna find that out as well.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: In case there's suddenly a deadline and you need to get it back to them. But if, but, but obviously just drafting it. So the main sort of chunks are like pretty much the copywriting formula, like we went through session 3 of a bunch. But what for you, I've just created a little, the kind of main ingredients here, it'll be on the screen. I can copy it into the chat as well. And I'll just explain that. So yours is gonna have, oops, call to action and maybe a deadline kind of, because with this kind of, I wonder, do you know anything about like, is this print like the magazine? Are they gonna just distribute it once and then that's out? Or are they gonna kind of like, sometimes, you know, people distribute these things that it's like they have the same edition for the whole year or something like that.

Speaker B: They have the same edition for the next 16 months, and they are going to roll out their focus on different components of what they're anticipating to reach. So they want, by the end of it, they want 5,000 addresses, home addresses in the area to have received it, and 500 appropriately, what is the word, I'm just going to say it, like rich business kind of people. And then they're going to roll it out through the events that they run themselves across that 16 months and within the yacht club itself. So it's 16 months and it's a rolling effect on where they're going to target Right.

Speaker A: Okay. So that's good. So that's pretty long distribution because some, because what I was going to maybe suggest is like, it's good with these kind of print ads to try and get a direct response, like, hey, book in now or book by this date or book here, which is not as straightforward if it's over 16 months because you can't say like, hey, book by November 2026 and you're, you know, um, However, you could be like, you know, mention this ad or something. We want to try and get something to give them a bit of a push. Yes. Because ideally what you want from a print ad is they still take some sort of action. It's not just like an awareness branding ad. You want them to like basically book a trip. So exactly that.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So we've got to try and work in a way where, you know, it's not— it can't be as short as like book before, or maybe it is like, you know, reserved by March 2026, if you know, there's kind of like a deadline for all the 2026 trips, um, you know, book by this date to receive whatever.

Speaker B: I guess I am anticipating that really, I— that by the time it's, um, printed by April 2026, which is what their plan is, I really think that this is a long haul promotion and that I probably am looking more seeing these people turn up for 2027. I might be wrong, but, um, okay, I feel like it's quite late in 2026, April, to start booking, you know, big deal, big ticket items like this. I don't know.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I didn't realize it's so far till they actually—

Speaker B: yeah, um, yeah, that's— it was slightly annoying, but, um, right, anyway, we're gonna persevere.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Well, this is good. Gives us time as well. So, so the, so the main chunks like a headline capture attention. So we need something to capture that attention. You don't have to say too much in an ad like this. Like what will kill it is if you overclutter it, then it's just hard to engage with it. It's like you want to say just enough to get the imagination running. And then get them off to lead towards your website. So it's kind of like we don't want too much detail where it almost clutters their minds. It's like, it's nice to just give them enough to get them excited, trigger their imagination a little bit, and then get them off the— we'll get them out of the magazine. So kind of like a capture attention, like a headline will be a main chunk, and then engage section like we usually do in the copywriting formula, like a few points around engage, like creating memorable trips and experience thing, the experience, you know, foreign waters like a local, but, you know, with an Australian, but with, with the experience of locals and, you know, whatever. And, and then the solution, it'll be pretty short, but maybe this is why, this is why we need to draft it to, to start working on it would be a good goal for next week's advisory board. So like solution will be like very short, like, you know, book with us or maybe some sort of USP, like a unique point of difference you have. So it could be that the solution just says something like, you know, with, with over 30 years experience exploring unique sailing destinations and, you know, something that everyone else doesn't have. So a little bit of a unique, a USP is a unique selling proposition, like a unique point of difference. If we can pop that in there, which is almost as the solution, could be a snippet from a testimonial, maybe just like a one-liner or something like that. And then the, the booking details, it'll just depend on the size. Once again, we don't want it too cluttered, but I do Ideally it might have QR code, website, phone, and email because especially with the elderly market, some people might just use the phone and that's it. Some might want to just email you directly from the ad, have no idea how a QR code even works.

Speaker C: You know what I mean?

Speaker A: So you don't want to just limit it.

Speaker B: Yes, I see.

Speaker A: So ideally all of it, as long as it doesn't look too cluttered or the font becomes too small or something like that. Um, but they'll be able to draft the text based on these, um, points and then we can redefine it. And then once they start to mock it up, typically when you do a print ad, they'll like create the draft of the ad, send it to you and go, you know, do you approve or any changes? And then you can sort of bounce it back and forth. So that's when we get to see how it kind of looks.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yep. Um, The, the story part, the editorial that you've got, I read through these different angles. Looks like you and ChatGPT have been brainstorming some good angles. We have. What I'm, what I'm liking initially is you've got that, that Word doc. Where is it? The, that I sent through.

Speaker B: So the interview with the two, the two. Yeah.

Speaker A: That's cool. And it's, it's easy to follow because it's interview, you know, with these sort of blocks of text, question answers. So I think I'd be inclined, depending on once again how much space you've got, it might need to strip it back. And that would be okay as well, just to trim it down. But checking with them, yeah, like what sort of word count will be okay. In terms of size, so you can check it. And then also using this, I'd still do a little bit of a— let me just, where's track changes? Overview. Suggest. If I just like— so what I'd still do with this is something like a headline along the lines— I like this headline you had here. I bolded it. Where is it? This kind of thing, like charting a different course, how our family built a life around sailing. So it could be, you know, something like a headline. It doesn't have to be exactly that if it doesn't fit. And then keeping it looking like editorial. So it might be like paragraph about you. Yeah, um, you know, um, Sarah built a life, you know, built her life around sailing as she grew up, you know, with her parents doing the same. She's followed in the same footsteps, creating unique experiences. And this, you know, in this edition we have, we've caught up with two, um, two ladies.

Speaker B: Yes, I like it.

Speaker A: One of her trips, um, I should just put that in as an example. Hey, So this is completely messy and you're gonna have to clean it up, obviously, but you get the idea. I'll just voice detect. Sarah from Mariner Boating has had a lifetime in creating unique boating adventures. She grew up, the parents went along for the adventure, now continues in their footsteps creating memorable experiences around the globe. In this edition, we catch up with two ladies that attended one of Sarah's trips to, to learn about their experience.

Speaker B: Okay, and this is when we— I actually, when Chad and I were talking, I was saying I like this one about me, but I need it to twist so that it's actually about them. Um, so I like the way you've done a quick intro, and then now we're going to move over and spin it around to them.

Speaker A: Yes, awesome. That's the plan. That's not too bad to promote your view. You might like— it'll once again depend on the word count available, but you might be able to at the end here like include a bio. But like, once again, it, it would probably be short, um, and I don't know if you're gonna really have the the word count, you know.

Speaker B: Yes, I'm interested. I'm intrigued by the word counts because actually, you know, the whole thing is 210— did I say 210 by 210? And half of it is the editorial, so then it's actually like 105 by 105. That's not very much. No. I don't know how many words that's— anyway, I thought I would She has invited me to contact and start chatting, but I wanted to wait until I had spoken here so that I could just have developed the marinade that's happening in my brain a little bit.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And if it ends up super short, we can just change approach or like really strip this back where it's kind of like short rapid-fire, like style answer interview.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Because it's great. And even if it is stripped right back, you just really— the questions are great. So you can just keep the questions and strip it backwards. It'll almost end up slightly more testimonial, which is, which is okay, but is a natural sort of testimonial without appearing as testimonial.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, great.

Speaker A: Cool. Well, I think that's awesome. Well done.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. That's the plan. Make it a little bit about you, your credibility, and then it might be that you say, you know, like adjust this to just be a little paragraph or 2, and it does have a lot of credibility in it, and then straight into the interview.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Awesome.

Speaker B: All right. Fabulous. I will start work on it and bring it back for next week. Will you send me what you've got there, or—

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I can get it off the record. I mean, Heidi will send it to me.

Speaker A: Yeah, Heidi will send you this. And the— do you want me to put the— I'll just make a total mess of it and just put question 1, because that's where I—

Speaker B: oh, yes. Okay.

Speaker A: And I'll just pop the— obviously you can— I'll just put the other content sort of blocks.

Speaker B: Yes. All right. I'll start faffing and I'll put it back in for next week and then we'll progress until the deadline sneaks up on me and then we'll just hand in whatever we've got.

Speaker A: Yeah, you'll be stoked. You'll get it done. You know, they'll, once they draft it up, but like it's good to, yeah, really the text like this text, getting that text refined, getting a bit of a word count, will make life a lot easier and then they can put it into the design, you know, and Cause there might be things you can do where it might be in the, see, like I just put maybe on, on part of this, the advertisement part, I put maybe different locations. Like it might be that suddenly the design suits to have like a little, a little square of like 4 different, you know, or 3 different, the most popular trips or something like that.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Where it included in there, but Yeah, see how, see how it goes. Start with that and get to work, and then we can roll from there.

Speaker B: All right, awesome. I appreciate your time. Thank you very much.

Speaker A: You're welcome. Thank you. Nice work. Thanks, yeah, for taking us outdoors in Melbourne there.

Speaker B: It looks like I'm gonna walk home now. It's a beautiful day. Oh my God, it's so nice. Um, all right, I will mute myself and unvideo myself so I don't make you all seasick, and I'll walk home and listen to the rest.

Speaker A: Oh, good.

Speaker B: Thanks.

Speaker A: No worries. Kathy, you're next. So you have mentioned for your site, well, these main pages, you basically want to know in regards to the schema And a different—

Speaker C: Sarah, can I say something?

Speaker A: Yes, go for it.

Speaker C: Wait, Sarah, I wanted to say something.

Speaker B: Sarah?

Speaker A: Kathy? Sarah?

Speaker B: I'm here, darling, I'm here. Go. Hi, Christo. Can you hear me?

Speaker A: Go for it. Shit, I think you're frozen. Kathy, are you there?

Speaker C: Yeah, Christo, can you hear me? Oh, okay. Yeah, I wanted to say something to Sarah because I want to—

Speaker B: yeah. Oh yeah, Sarah, I need to talk to you.

Speaker C: You're in my like list of people to talk to about boat trips.

Speaker A: Uh-oh, and now she just dropped off. She said, I'm here. Wait, she's coming back. Hold on.

Speaker C: Um, yeah, I wanted to talk to Sarah about boat trips.

Speaker B: I just— I'll email her. I'll email her. I'm back now.

Speaker C: Um, you don't have internet connection.

Speaker A: Anyway, and he's so— I'll just relay the, uh, message. Sarah, Kathy said—

Speaker B: okay, I'm here—

Speaker A: she said, I want to talk to you about boat trips. I think you're on her bucket list or something like that, by the sounds of it.

Speaker C: Yeah, yay!

Speaker B: I've got the bucket waiting for you, babe. Jump on, on.

Speaker A: I think Kathy's internet's breaking up, but okay.

Speaker B: All right, good.

Speaker A: You know what you can do in the Basic Bananas, um, members website? Even if you don't have someone's detail, you can direct message them. So you're both in the community, you can go to direct messages and you can basically, um, direct message anyone. So go in there, find out— you can either go to members or go to, um, the direct messages up the top there, um, and you can click on them and you can send a direct message. So hopefully you've heard that. So like, if I wanted to chat with Gav, I can click here and click chat.

Speaker B: I'll reach out to her. Easy. Thank you.

Speaker A: All right, do that. Go in there and search, because you, you can basically go into the whole, um, member site and just search your name up here.

Speaker B: Yep, Kathy.

Speaker A: Yeah, if you go search Kathy and then, um, Click on her and then hit her up with a message. You'll be—

Speaker B: too easy. Thanks for your patience.

Speaker A: Okay, Kathy, are you there? Your question's next. Your internet's having a shocker.

Speaker B: Yes, can you hear me?

Speaker A: Yes. Okay, good. Got you there now. Now, I don't know, it's a bit glitchy, but I'll just go for it and give you your— your answer's pretty straightforward. You've basically got a plugin on your WordPress site called Rank Math, which is what the question you've sent through, and you're wondering if it does the same thing as All-in-One SEO. So the plugin which suggested on the How to Rank in AI Search Masterclass yesterday. And, and yeah, I, I did a little bit of Googling around and reading up on them as well. And I saw your, you asked ChatGPT and to compare them and yet does the same thing in terms of adding the schema settings. In your screenshot, I could see you just missed something. You were, where is it? So I asked, basically, if you just Google it, the steps there, I think where you've gone wrong in your screenshot, you're looking to update the schema and you've gone to the plugin. I don't use Rank Math plugins, but it looks like you've clicked on it and then you've clicked on templates. Templates is likely where you can create a template for, say, like an events page in your website. You want to use the same schema. You can copy it, copy it, copy it. Whereas what you're supposed to be clicking on when I was just Googling, like, how to actually update it and how to use it, you should be clicking on titles and meta here, and that will lead you to it. So you can see in the steps here when I was Googling it, open the post page editor, go to the schema settings. Oh, where is it? Navigate to WordPress to access the schema's meta box. Go to schema settings, the schema tab. Then Schema Generator and then Pencil. Yeah, if somewhere I Googled it, maybe it was in ChatGPT where it told me, it told me to click on Titles and Meta and then go into Schema within there, and that's where you'll find it. I actually, also put your site into, it's not bad, or you like, you've actually got your schema set up pretty well. So I went into one of the pages here and it has, it's, it's detecting your name. Like really what this schema markup thing is, is to make sure that AI detects the correct info about your site. Like if you had say an article that happens to be about a kid on your website and then if AI thought your website's about that kid instead, but you know, you tell AI, hey, this an article, it's not the organization, but it picked up it's an organization. It picked up it's also a local business. It picked up, you know, the name, the description. It's done well. Like, it's actually done pretty well. I don't know if you've already updated it and worked it out. It's got your address as 10 Forest Road. So it's finding most of the important info. It's finding reviews. I think there's another review. So it's done pretty well. As it is. So you're, you're good. I wouldn't panic either way. And if you haven't, if you haven't managed to find it, it looked like, yeah, you were just clicking in the, the wrong spot there when I did a little bit of Googling around. Paul, let me know. I think you're frozen, probably. I'm not sure if you can hear us, but Okay. I assume you'll watch the recording. And then we'll jump across to— let me know if you, Cathy, if there's anything else to that that you wanted to explore or discuss. Otherwise, I assume we're good. Yeah, but I think the main thing is you weren't— you were clicking in what you were looking for. You were clicking in templates instead of Um, instead of titles and meta and then, ah, cool. Gotcha.

Speaker B: Do you put all your pages like, good.

Speaker A: Um, yeah, go through. It'll be like the main, usually what you'll do is do the main pages. So you might go through and go like your products page, your homepage, your about us page. You'd do each one of those. And then what you might do is go to the articles. And you might be able to just go like articles are, and then it will say things like, is this a post? Is it an article? Is it a— and you select article, and then it basically will do the lot, is usually how most of the plugins will work. So you won't have to do like, you know, if you've got 10,000 articles, you might just do like article, and that's done for all articles. And then the other pages I would go through and check. So you only have to do them once. Well, I think Cool. Cool. Let me know if anything else, and otherwise, yeah, feel free, Kathy, if you wanna explore further on that, or all good so far. There you are, changing, changing internet. See you there.

Speaker B: Okay, okay, can you hear me?

Speaker A: Yeah, you need to kind of maybe on the other one mute it and turn off the speaker. So, because we've got a bit of an echo there.

Speaker C: All right, can you hear me now?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, you still got a little echo, but it's all right.

Speaker C: All right.

Speaker B: Yeah, and then the other question I needed—

Speaker C: oh gosh, where is the volume? Oh God, my brain's not working. I can't find the volume.

Speaker B: Um, was about the website.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah, that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Gotcha. So is the content too short?

Speaker B: Um, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: I'm looking at when I've looked at these main pages. I didn't necessarily think so. There's actually quite a bit of info on this page where you've got the different— so you've got the main info about the parties and then this general info. I think I should assume from down here it starts to sort of be the same on different pages with all of the testimonials and things. And then you've got these menus which change content within the page. So I don't think— no, they're not like way too short or anything if that was the concern around like, is it just way too short in terms of content to rank for AI? So no, it'll look for like the AI searches will look for things like these reviews, the general content, the fact that you've done a lot, it's good. And when I looked in schema back there, it was finding stuff that matches up with what you want to say. Like this is, this is great for you for ranking in AI. Where is it? Here. So Bob to Your Drop is trusted by over 1,298 happy customers. You know, that's great. We want, we want this kind of information being found because that's what will help it rank and that's what it'll tell people when they do searches in AI. So this is, that's good. So yeah, I don't think it's, they're necessarily too short. No. In terms of just general content. Yeah, you've done well, and because you just sort of have it in these different tabs too, whereas a lot of websites it might be in one long kind of page, whereas you've got it like, that's, that's a good amount of content there in your Q&A as well.

Speaker B: Yeah, from the session today, I want to add way, way more frequently asked questions. Cool.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's good. And you see, like, from the session yesterday where it might be slightly more like detail-y ones or like, you know, customer-specific ones. My child, my child suffers from blah blah blah. Are the parties still okay? You know, just this sort of thing that could be a concern for a parent, you know. Yeah, yeah. These kind of questions are great because people are just going to be AI-ing the hell out of the questions. So it's good if you've got the answers, question and answers. Yeah, cool.

Speaker B: So basically think about how a parent would ask the question in an AI and trying to implement that.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. I get it.

Speaker A: Cool, awesome. And feel free to mock things up, whatever, make adjustments and re— you know, resubmit so we can keep it keep it rolling if there's any concerns.

Speaker B: Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Christo.

Speaker A: No worries, you're welcome. There you go. You're like too clear now. You got double voice and you're coming through a picture. It's working.

Speaker B: Oh, I'm—

Speaker C: maybe now I'm leaving one screen.

Speaker A: Yeah, you're perfect now. It's like really, really clear.

Speaker C: Okay, thank you.

Speaker A: Nice. We got there with the internet right as we finished too.

Speaker C: I know, exactly. The whole time I was stressing about it.

Speaker B: But anyway, all good.

Speaker A: Cool, cool. All right, and then we'll jump across. Brendan, to you. Um, and, uh, and hey, Becky, didn't say hello before. Hello to you. Hey, hey, good to see you. And Brendan, are you there? What cafe are you in today? Let's see, new one.

Speaker D: Uh, I didn't even realize I wasn't on mute, so apologies if there's been background noise.

Speaker A: No, no, we haven't heard anything.

Speaker D: Ah, good. There you go. It's a good headset then.

Speaker A: Cool. And you've seen, um, basically wondering about your results.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: What have I done with them? Let's pull up some of ours. Um, cool. So Heidi's gone for it and sent me a bunch of screenshots.

Speaker D: Awesome.

Speaker A: So we can compare. So you wanted to see basically how your Eventbrite ads are performing compared to Basic Bananas. And so is yours—

Speaker D: yeah, my clicks are terrible. All right, I've probably got two-thirds of the impressions and like 10% of the clicks. So there's something about my event that does not look appealing.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So yours, when I look at it so far, you've had 3 people book, 25 page views. So it's 12%. I just did the math before. So 3 people, it's hard when the numbers are so small too, to really go, it's accurately 12%. It's like, yeah, but suddenly you might get a surge next week and suddenly it's 40%, you know, it's, um, it is a bit, a bit harder. So I wouldn't say it's rock solid just yet. Um, but yeah, like, so for this event, for us, it's 25%. So it is quite a bit higher.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: The, as a monthly performance, this one's actually quite low. What's that work out as? So, oh, so this will actually be a bit— so, so for your next point, then you set up from 1,855 impressions, 14 click-throughs. So that part is 0.7% of people who saw the ad clicked the ad. So it's just less than 1%. I did basic bananas and I looked and it was actually some are like only one was 0.9%. As an average over time, it was about 1%, just over, it was 1.05%, which I guess makes a difference over a volume. But it's not, that one's not like drastically different, right?

Speaker D: Yeah, that's true. I'm just paying a lot more for my impressions by the looks of it. I am. Maybe my targeting is too niche.

Speaker A: It could be. Maybe. Are you, are you doing like real specific location or something with the targeting?

Speaker D: Yeah, I did Sydney, Melbourne, and Canberra. So maybe I can go broader.

Speaker A: It might work broader, having interestingly like less competition.

Speaker D: Yep. Yeah, I might give that a crack.

Speaker A: Is it free or is it paid?

Speaker D: Yeah, no, free.

Speaker A: It's free, right? Yeah, which is the same as what we're comparing here with us.

Speaker D: Yeah, this has been super helpful just to see the impressions for that spend. I think that's my takeaway. I'll go a bit broader.

Speaker A: Yeah, go a bit broader and see what happens. I think also it might just require a little bit more time. I'm not, I don't know really how clever Eventbrite ads are, like compared to say Meta ads when you run them, you often can't really tell till you've run for about 3 weeks because in 1 week it's like it's still learning. Because it's like super clever and then it finds the right conversions and it goes after more of those, you know, profile. But I don't know if Eventbrite's that clever. I'm not sure really.

Speaker D: Yeah, yeah. It probably doesn't have the same volume either. That's probably the other thing.

Speaker A: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, exactly. It doesn't have the huge volume. Yeah, try loosening the location a little and let's see what happens. I like the radiuses a bit more. Yeah, expanding it out or going Australia-wide or, um, because it's funny, you find like we're kind of the same. You'd think our majority of our customers would be Sydney, Melbourne, kind of then Brisbane maybe. But the, when we're doing a lot of face-to-face, like before the pandemic, we did get regular consistent volume in those, in Sydney and Melbourne the most. However, we could kind of come to town in Perth and feel like much larger events, they just wouldn't sustain as long. So like, I think it almost might— you might find it's better when you go to the smaller location. Like suddenly it's Newcastle or it's, you know, Cairns or something. They're like desperate for your knowledge. It just won't last as long if that makes sense. Like you, you might hit it and then need to let it like leave it alone for 6 months and then hit it again. And you get cheaper conversions with high volume. So same with us when we did like same thing face to face, we'd come to a smaller town, come to Newcastle, fill events and we think, oh, this is fantastic. We've 2 months in a row and then suddenly it stops because it's kind of like volume's not there, but the interest is in the the population that's there. Um, yeah, so with all that, I think from our experience, it would make sense to, yeah, expand out a little bit wider. Yeah, it goes from there. Yeah.

Speaker D: All right, excellent. Thank you.

Speaker A: Oh, you're welcome. Um, well, that, my friends, um, oh, and of course, Brendan, um, keep us updated. Let us know how it goes. So yeah, as you implement, if it works, if it doesn't work, keep an eye on it obviously. And, and we just keep tweaking until we work it out. Awesome.

Speaker D: Got it.

Speaker A: Cool. Well, that, my friends, is our final question for today. So you might get an early mark on today's session. Well done. If anyone's got any, like, burning question in the back of the mind at the moment, let me know. Otherwise— oh, Becky, look, Becky, hand up. Yes.

Speaker C: I just wanted to see if I could ask you to have a quick— I've been experimenting with putting some of my content into, because I've got this much content and I'm struggling to get it into a saleable state. So I thought, no, I'm going to try and just do something little. That's a little PDF. That's a download to build my funnel, I think is the correct word.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: To then be launching bigger products into the future. Um, so I've—

Speaker B: you—

Speaker C: anyway, I just want to see if I could show you a reel.

Speaker A: Yeah, like a, an Instagram reel or something.

Speaker C: Yeah, is that okay? Yeah, yeah, from here.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: Um, I'll see.

Speaker A: And you probably need to hit share with sound as well as you hit share.

Speaker C: Oh, cool. Share sound. Okay, now let me get to the right screen. Okay, just, I have it open.

Speaker A: And is this a reel to promote, to get people to an opt-in?

Speaker C: To get people to, yeah, yes, I've just put like a little, I was just working on this morning. Yeah, why can't I find it? App windows, Facebook, sorry, why can't I see it. Documents, no. Screens. Okay, I want this one. Okay, I think I found it. Sorry, just took a million years for my eyes to see what I was doing.

Speaker A: Oh, maybe I need to actually unshare. I need to stop my share, I think.

Speaker C: Oh, okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, it was probably blocking. There you go. So now on the Zoom dashboard, you should be able to hit share.

Speaker C: Okay, let's see. Oh, sorry, I don't know if you can see that. Can you see that? I'll stop sharing, I'll reshare. It's playing at me now. Um, what's this one here? Yes, did the share come through?

Speaker A: Yeah, it came through and it played, and then it's— you've unshared it or it's dropped off or something.

Speaker C: Oh, sorry. Yeah, I realized it's very short.

Speaker A: It was going, it was working. We hear the sound, it sort of froze a little bit, but if you go for it again and, and even if—

Speaker C: okay, all right, let me just to try that again. Yeah, sorry, it's so off-putting when it plays for me, and I'm not sure if it's playing through just my computer.

Speaker A: Oh, it's loading, it's opening now for us.

Speaker C: I'll let it repeat a couple times, just covering some of the stuff that I did. I don't know, it's so tricky to work out between the platforms what, um, you know.

Speaker A: Uh, it's got it there, we can see it's just on the—

Speaker C: yeah, the Words have gotten over. How do I click refresh? Redo? No, that's back on my—

Speaker A: might be able to click. Can you click on that? On it?

Speaker B: There it is.

Speaker C: Like, will that— yeah, need to make it longer, don't I? So quick question.

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker C: How long should like reels or videos be on advertising? Because that will help me set a length.

Speaker A: It's hard for us to tell because this sort of started and stopped and started and stopped. So I don't know if I got the whole— it is just playing for about 7 seconds.

Speaker C: It's really short. Yeah, yeah. I'll need to make it longer.

Speaker A: Yeah, well, it's not that it has to be longer, longer, but maybe you want to at least have these ones with the key kind of words that you want to grab us. Like, this is good, that one right now. A poo and wee accident's worrying you about Starting, starting overlaying a bit there. Maybe you want to recognize to put the, move the text so that the post text isn't sitting over it. Yeah. Yeah. Because once you post it, then that gets generated by the social media platform and overlays, which is what I didn't realize when I did the video because I did it in Kapwing.

Speaker C: So I had to like, yeah, but I'll remember that to leave the space. Cool.

Speaker A: But just as long as those words, it's kind of like the main thing is Does it tell us enough? Really, it doesn't have to be like 30 seconds long, it's too long, you know, 10 seconds. Yeah, but is it long enough for us to get the idea? If the image is stealing our eyes' attention a little bit, yes, still have enough, enough time to see that image and read the important text. This one's pretty busy. Get your child toilet ready. Yeah, in 7 weeks. There's too much text on that one.

Speaker C: Yeah, I might go back and just take off that one.

Speaker A: Maybe it just is even that, like the practical bit doesn't really need to be there. You don't, it's like you don't have to tell us too much. Intrigue us and get us to click through.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: You don't need to tell us how it's getting done just yet. Do you know what I mean? A practical.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, sure.

Speaker A: It's almost you don't need that info or put that info in the in the post below.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah. The image, but that just that top text, get your child toilet ready for school in, is it 7 weeks?

Speaker C: 7 weeks. Yeah. I've got to take that. That text is not meant to be appearing there.

Speaker A: Yeah. But that's otherwise that's fine. And maybe even if it's a thing, the whole thing is 15 seconds, it's okay. But as long as we are, if you sort of look at and go, can I take in the main messaging? Maybe my eyes do glance around and look at the, you know, the kid with the backpack walking in at that point. And and I still get enough from the image. I think in something short and sharp like this, pretty much this headline you've got on this one and the headline you had on the other one, that's almost like all the text you need on the actual image. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker C: Yeah. And then get people to sort of look further down below or click.

Speaker A: Yeah. You just want to like get us to go like, well, like you've actually got my attention right now with that because my toddler's off to long daycare in January and he's not toilet trained. It's like, you don't need to have the process just there.

Speaker D: You—

Speaker C: Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Speaker A: What we—

Speaker C: Okay, cool. Yep. Excellent. Thank you.

Speaker D: Yeah, I just— Krista, I've just realised I did it 6 months too long apparently. Far out. 7 weeks sounds great. Where was this?

Speaker C: The idea is, well, it's starting in 7 weeks, so guys, ready or not, there they go.

Speaker B: That's right.

Speaker C: Yeah, cool. Okay, thank you. Yeah, and it's funny, isn't it, looking at it because I made the video and then I pulled it into socials, but then the socials have added the text over the top, which I expected to be underneath. So yeah, um, yeah, because I think all videos now in Facebook are going on to Reels, aren't they? You can't just post video, and that's where the text sits.

Speaker A: It pulls it up. Um, when it is like a post on Insta or something, we've But if it— even if it's played as a reel as well, it's still going to overlay it. But where—

Speaker C: yeah, yeah, because I think I thought I was posting it, but it's gone to a reel, which means it's put it up anyway. Yeah, old people Facebook. Yeah, awesome, thank you. But you think the kid does the— yeah, does the kid look too AI-generated? I had to be very specific with the AI.

Speaker A: Yeah, it didn't even cross my mind. Cool. Um, Now I'm going to start looking closer for like two hands and, you know, yeah, I know, the backpack kind of thing, you know.

Speaker C: But yeah, exactly. Well, I had to tell it because, you know, it always creates American-looking things. Um, so I had to take the— it was putting a sign above the school entry as well as just plain clothes, and I'm like, put an Australian uniform.

Speaker A: No guns or something, you know.

Speaker C: Take the sign off the door. Yeah. So cool.

Speaker A: Nice. Awesome. Well done. This is good. Good progress. Few little tweaks and once again, feel free.

Speaker C: Yeah, no, I'll go back into the video and get out some stuff.

Speaker B: Cool. Awesome.

Speaker A: Nice work. Unshare now on the— oh yeah, you did it. All good. Unshared. Awesome. Well, Beautiful. That is our— that's our session today. Awesome work. Well, nice. Thanks, guys.

Speaker C: Thanks, guys.

Speaker B: Take care.

Speaker C: Thanks, Christo. See ya.

Speaker A: Thanks, Becky. Thanks, Brendan.

Speaker B: Bye.

Speaker C: Cheers, Kathy.

Speaker A: Bye for now.