Speaker A: So today I don't have any questions from anyone that have been submitted, so I thought we could just still take some time now and, and see if anyone has anything that they want to go through, or even if we just do a quick hot seat for each of you, you know, if, if you want to say, oh, you know, I'm working on this campaign, or I'm considering doing this, and we can just make it better, that could be something that we can do so that you still get something out of it. I reckon, um, Emma, what are you working on?

Speaker B: Uh, I've just finished signage for the showroom, which was helpful because I think the language I was using on it is sale tools for the staff, and it's stuff that I can hopefully then convert over to any messaging on social media and things.

Speaker A: Yeah, have you got— is it already printed?

Speaker B: Features and benefits.

Speaker A: Yeah, have you already printed the collateral?

Speaker B: No.

Speaker A: You want to show us? Why don't you show— have you got it nearby?

Speaker B: Uh, yeah, it's, uh, it's in Illustrator at the moment, so I'll just save her out.

Speaker A: I'm just going to make you— you can maybe just share your screen, so I'm just going to make you a co-host.

Speaker B: It's on the other computer, just a sec. I'll—

Speaker A: so while, while we can, we can, um, while you get it ready, because it could be useful before you go to print to have a quick look at this and we give give you feedback.

Speaker B: They're just little, yeah, little signs. They're nothing too big. But, uh, the other thing we've just completed is our Boxed and Sorted website, so that we're selling our plastic products in like wholesale type products in quantities. Um, so hopefully to move those a bit more as well. Yeah, so I could, um, sorry, if you—

Speaker A: if someone else wants to go for a little bit while I find someone else. And I can see Sarah's just joining. She— I wonder if she's back. And then Kyla, what, what are you working on?

Speaker C: Um, I just got back from holiday myself last week, so not much. Um, just, uh, sort of, um, yeah, and then come back into a bit of chaos. But I was just printing out some information because we sent out a, uh, Mailchimp last week while I was away, just for— we've discussed it briefly before— was an idea that you gave us for targeting our email database with a message from Matt, saying a message from the owner, because it was going to our mainly surf school database and we didn't want to spam them kind of thing. And so, and what we did was from there, we had the offer of the 4 free videos, the 7-day trial as well. And, um, Matt had a bit of a package, a giveaway package that he wanted to give away. So it took people through that sort of Mailchimp journey as well, um, and gets people to sign up via our Many Circle database to then sign up for our Service Compass database rather than just hammering sort of one, a lot of people. Um, so I was just getting the— I was just printing the details out for that. So, um, when I spoke to— I got somebody to help us with that because, like, a Mailchimp expert, because I just thought it was actually going to be beyond my abilities. And I was just— let me just bring up the details from that. Bear with me.

Speaker D: Just—

Speaker C: but I tried to get some download details this morning, but They haven't gone back to me yet. And where is it?

Speaker A: And what, what did you engage someone for, for the MailChimp part?

Speaker C: What did I engage them?

Speaker A: Sorry. Yes. Who, so you got somebody to help you with the, with the part which is sending it through MailChimp, or which part did you need help with?

Speaker C: I, I, we got Josh, a chap by the name of Josh involved to help me set up the actual journeys and the, okay, cool. The Because the journeys, we ended up going with like 12 videos, but it's 3 per ability. So if you're a beginner, you're going to get the beginner natural footer videos. And if you're, you know, intermediate, so yeah, so we got, I believe, like 200 and about 250, 300 people signed up to the new database through that email, that EDM that we sent. I think off the top of my head, and I can't see my still taking ages to print out. We've got a database of like 27,500, something like that. And then I think we had 13,000 opens. And then of that, 222 people actually went and clicked through and signed on or clicked and, you know, was looking around the Surface Compass. Definitely got a few more on the going through the journeys, because last time I spoke to you— was that last week, the week before? We were talking about how I had like— I can't remember how many people went through the advanced journey, but we had no one come through our beginner and our intermediate. And now we have, uh, we had about 50 sign on to the intermediate, another few, about 30 for the beginners. So, um, I'm just trying to correlate all my information. I kind of emailed our guy this morning, say what were our app downloads like after we sent sent that, but he hasn't gone back to me yet, so I can't give you that information. But it would be interesting to see that. And we're now thinking about doing sort of a follow-up, um, with the prize giveaway, a follow-up email. Um, but yeah, I'm not sure if those kind of numbers are normal for Mailchimp. As I said, I've only kind of done a little bit of Mailchimp for the circle, so I don't know across What is an opening rate that is excellent for Mailchimp?

Speaker A: I mean, you got almost 50%, which is huge. So 20% is normal. So 20% is normal. A lot of people can probably get around to 30%. It depends how old the database is, but you guys have been around for a long time. So, so 50% is really, really good. And, and then it might be cool if that guy can show you how to look at the data yourself. Inside Mailchimp. And, you know, I think that works really well with follow-up emails, and we use this all the time. This strategy is, so you send one email where you explain it, you say, hey, we have a new product, this app, it's awesome, blah, blah. And then the follow-up is just a short email which just says, hey, just making sure, hey, just making sure you saw this.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker A: And add the whole email below.

Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. Because yeah, he did mention that the person I'm working with said it would be good to have a shorter follow-up email. To that, and we can just— it just reminds everybody because it might be a bit like, oh yeah, that looks cool, and then I'll forget about it.

Speaker A: Oh, totally. Especially if it's a long email, it's always like, oh, I'll do it later.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Read it later. Yeah. Yeah. And if you have some expiring deadlines of some gifts, so I would just do a really short email. Hey, Francisca, just making sure you saw this. The gifts will be valid until the end of the week or whatever the the, you know, the incentive is.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker C: All right. Yeah. So I will, um, I'm just printing out pages and pages of information without actually printing out the report.

Speaker A: You don't need to print it out. Maybe you can just even, you know, see on— if you can see it on your computer.

Speaker C: Yeah, I'm just trying to log into Mailchimp now. Bear with me.

Speaker A: Um, And then we'll— while you can pull that up, we'll check with Michelle. And I can just see Sarah. I don't know if Sarah can hear us or see us. Are you still in Europe, Sarah?

Speaker D: Yes, I am, and I'm really struggling with Zoom this morning. I don't know why, but, um, I'm here. Um, hello, it's so lovely to see your face.

Speaker A: Well, to hear your voice. Where in the world are you? Where in Europe are you?

Speaker D: I'm in Greece. I've got 3 more trips to do and then I'm home. So I'm actually home before, like, within the month now. We're counting down. The kids are counting down. I think you'll be home. Grandma will be home soon.

Speaker A: So much. Has it been lovely though? Have the trips been good? Good vibes? Good, good feedback? People are happy?

Speaker D: Yes, definitely. We've had a good season and, um, I feel distracted because I'm, you you know, delivering our content rather than working in the business side of it. But, um, I'll get my act together and I'm here. And I watched, um, the Genius Bunch recording yesterday and I just felt so refreshed to be able to reconnect and hear so much good information. And, um, yep, I'm, I'm here in the background coming home soon.

Speaker E: Yes.

Speaker A: And we'll see you on the, well, not Gold Coast actually, it's more in nearby and Bay in Paradise soon.

Speaker D: Into, you've got a trip, you've got, um, you've got a session tomorrow, don't you? At 3 AM.

Speaker A: Oh, for you it's probably, yeah, for us it's 10 AM here.

Speaker D: So yeah, I'm going to join anyway. I'm going to do my best.

Speaker A: Have a big siesta in the day.

Speaker D: Greek style. Yeah, that's right.

Speaker A: Yeah. Awesome. And then, and then I'll see you on for the Experience Summit too. I'll see you in person too.

Speaker D: Yes, you will.

Speaker A: Yeah, I've already written down to do some brainstorming on a few things with you. So really awesome. Yay.

Speaker B: Lovely.

Speaker A: Thank you. Carla, did you want to share anything else in addition? Did you find any more data you wanted to share with us? And then also in the meantime, Emma, did you—

Speaker B: I feel like, yeah, sorry, we're unprepared.

Speaker A: No, no, because he didn't know that I'm going to put you on the spot because normally I don't do that.

Speaker B: So let me know when you're ready for me now.

Speaker A: Yeah, let's see if Kyla wanted to add anything, otherwise we're ready.

Speaker C: There's not much. I've chucked it in the chat, but there's not much to tell other than, yeah, just to see what was sort of most clicked. And, um, what are unique opens? Like they've never opened it before?

Speaker A: Wix Pro Unique open.

Speaker D: Actually, Francesca, can you please put me on to silent? I can't. Oh yeah, I've got no, no toolbar action for some reason.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll do that right now.

Speaker B: Thank you, Dom.

Speaker A: Oh, it doesn't let me. I can't mute you.

Speaker D: No, you can't mute me either. I'm unmutable today.

Speaker A: You are unmutable. No, I can't do it.

Speaker D: I'll just be really quiet then.

Speaker A: It's fine. I'll play it. So click rate is 0.8%. So click rate means how many people have clicked on the link in your email. Clicks per unique open. I'm not sure what the unique opens is. Maybe they're for open at once. Successful deliveries, 27. Total opens, 13,000. So 50% open rate. Unique opens. I'm not sure what unique opens is.

Speaker B: I think generally you've got your total opens and that could be the same person opening it a few times. Whereas when you've got unique opens, it's just counting that person as one open instead of if they've gone on a couple of times.

Speaker C: That's how I understood it.

Speaker A: But yeah, you're spot on. Yeah, I think you're spot on with that. So it's a slight— so it's about a third, so 30% of people have opened it, but some have multiple— opened it multiple times. That's still good. And then recipients who clicked— the click-through rate is very small, it's very low, 0.8%. So less than 1% have actually clicked on your link. That's very small. Is that the link to join the app, to download the app?

Speaker C: Um, sorry, bear with me. What am I looking at? Um, um, the link to join one of them is the apps.apple.com. There is 7.6%. I don't know, I was looking at— I was trying to figure out— there's one there for, um, I think it, it must be for the, um Google Play Store as well. I can't figure out which one it is. I was going through all this information before, but I got a bit sidetracked.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think bottom line is that a lot of people opened the email, so that's good. A lot of people opened the email, not many people clicked compared to how many opened. So we now, we just need to get more people to take action. So it's exactly what we decided probably happened, and most of us do that. We get a long email, we open it because it's from you, So you have the credibility, your brand, and then we're like, oh, this is really long. I'll do it. I'll check it later.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then later never comes. So I think next email, a bit more urgency. Hey, make sure you saw this short email. Also, the thing expires next week, whatever the thing is.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then we'll get more action.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: Yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker C: So we've got a couple hundred on the database now on the actual Surface Compass dedicated database. That's good. Which we'd like to obviously grow a bit more.

Speaker A: So yeah, great. Awesome. Yeah, absolutely. So I think you have one really good action to take. Emma, do you want to share?

Speaker B: So I just click this green arrow?

Speaker A: Yes, exactly. Share. Can you see the share arrow? It says share. Have you got that one? Yeah. And did you design these in Illustrator, you say?

Speaker B: Yeah, I think I shared the wrong thing. Just a sec.

Speaker A: And also, while you find the right one, can you quickly let us know, this is for the showroom, and this is meant to be for your people who work in the showroom to give to people who come to the showroom?

Speaker B: Not necessarily. They kind of sit on the products so that when people come into the showroom, you've got a little play-by-play going on. Here we go. I think I just share the screen and then switch around what I need. All right, so these are the first lot.

Speaker A: Come in. And how big are these?

Speaker B: Uh, these ones are A4.

Speaker A: Okay, and they sit on top of the product, on top of this, on top of the shelves.

Speaker B: Yeah, so I guess the pictures show some different options, and then, um, yeah, it just gives you some selling points and some key features. A lot of information. Yeah, it is. It's not— it's meant to be there for more, um, it's not a quick look. It's kind of as you go through all the bits and pieces, um, to show options available, um, and they all kind of—

Speaker A: sorry, I was just going to say, have you also got this on a landing page? Have you also got more information of these products on a landing page?

Speaker B: Yeah, they should be in our website.

Speaker A: Because I just wonder if, I just wonder if it would make sense to make this a bit sharper, less content, and then have a QR code that I can scan to go to if I want more information. So just sell me the product here, but maybe I don't need to know all the different pricing.

Speaker B: I guess it's kind of like a cheat sheet for people down there, and they say, well, how much goes on each shelf? You know, what's this shelf comparable to? How much is it if we want to get that shelf in a different type of product? And that sort of thing. So it's all kind of, kind of just there. They're, I guess, they're information sheets, not, not really sign signs. We've, we've found them pretty handy, I guess, and adjusted them over time. To what staff have kind of required. Yeah, sorry, these ones are quite busy, those ones. But yeah, we kind of just—

Speaker A: I wonder if the available sizes— I wonder if that's that whole graphic, it can be just a bit more tight or they need to create a bit more space. Yeah, okay. Why do we have two sizes here? We have the one at the top Sorry, what? So on that rivet shelving, we got the size at the top there.

Speaker B: So what, what it is, is we've got a bay on display, and so we say what the sizing for the bay on display is and then what it holds, and then I guess the options of the price. So you can get it with either board, mesh, or panel sort of shelving in it. Yeah. So yeah, I guess, yeah, I know there is a lot on here, but I guess we've sort of adjusted things over time to include things that help people sell them basically on the floor.

Speaker A: So, and what's the— do we have a call to action on them?

Speaker B: I think not really, because I guess people are standing there with you. It's a fairly personalized service when people come in because we have the time to spend with them as they ask questions and, and things like that. Um, but yeah, there's no call to action on there. They're, they're basic information sheets, I think.

Speaker A: Does that—

Speaker B: yeah, that's a bit of— I mean, I could take some of the wording off.

Speaker A: I mean, they're serving a purpose, which is for people to, to have all the information right there on one page. I can see that.

Speaker B: Yeah, they're not, they're not going out like that into the world.

Speaker A: They're kind of sitting on our products like that for them to have all the information to then make an informed decision to, to buy. Do they then order in the showroom or they go home and then they call in again, or they just come to the counter and purchase it and we get it out of the warehouse? Pretty much. So they come in, they look at the studio shelving kits, and then they can compare all their options.

Speaker B: Yeah. So, okay, I don't know if you can see that on the—

Speaker A: but yeah, yeah.

Speaker D: And they're talking to you, aren't they? So actually, this is like a bit of a consolidation of the conversation that you've had with them.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. And a conversation starter too. They might see something, go, oh, can we do this? And you say yes. And then you say, what size do you need it in? And then you kind of work back from there, I guess.

Speaker D: Yeah, I quite like it for a complex decision like this because as soon as you're in a showroom, I just become a bit boggled with, um, all of my options.

Speaker B: Yes.

Speaker D: So I kind of, I kind of, I like, like, there is a lot in there, but now that I understand its purpose, I feel like it's— they're quite handy. They look great.

Speaker B: The first couple of mine had a bit too much on them. I can definitely revise.

Speaker A: Yeah, these ones are a bit easier on the eye, the last few. Maybe one of the really good sentences here is stylish modern shelving that's as strong as it looks. That, for example, that sentence there on the last one. Yeah. In orange, that's, that's kind of a selling point. You know that it's strong. It's not gonna— I'm gonna have to buy a new one next year again. I wonder if that can just be a bit bolder, stand out a bit more. And then what's the other ones that— what does the other one say there?

Speaker B: So it's for refrigerated cold rooms.

Speaker A: So it's— yeah. Yeah, I understand. I mean, they're very busy for the eye. For some people, you know, like me, they're hurting me a little bit, but I can see why you did it in that way. I can see that information on here needs to be on there.

Speaker B: Yes, we can stand there with a customer for 10 to 20 minutes, you know, while they compare their options and, and try and take in what they need. And then they can come back and look at the other one and say, oh, this does this, and sort of thing. The other lot we've done is for all our lockers. So these are a little bit simplified.

Speaker A: That also goes on top of the product.

Speaker B: Yeah, so these are little I think they're A6, that they'll actually sit on the lockers. Yeah. And I guess on here the dimensions and the price are probably the most important thing. We just try to keep our branding down the bottom because, yeah, that helps because we do so many different things. It helps just promoting each of the brands. When someone comes in to look at something else, they might then look at some other offerings as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Does anyone else have any, any thoughts? I mean, it, it serves a purpose.

Speaker B: Yeah, not like, you know, I'll definitely look at maybe simplifying those other, other ones a bit if you think.

Speaker A: Does the price have to be— is the price a, a selling point? Are you guys cheaper than— does the price have to be this big?

Speaker B: Oh, well, they're A6, so the price isn't actually Oh, okay. But yeah, all our products have a price on them in the showroom.

Speaker A: Yeah, they already have the price in the showroom, right? Yeah. Yeah, I don't know if the price has to be that big on the— unless, you know, it's a really huge selling point that it's only $232. Yeah, because the other information is just as important, you know, maximize personal storage in limited space, I think that's probably almost more important selling point than the price itself. Okay. Maybe that will also free up a little bit, there might be a little bit more white space on it. I like the 10-year, that there's, you know, the 10-year warranty.

Speaker B: I think that's, yeah, that's, that's one of our big selling points, I guess.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah, so that just goes through. And then we have a big A3 one that kind of goes through all the— see if I can make that smaller.

Speaker A: A3. Oh yeah, yeah. Here the selling point is made simple. Secure personalized storage made simple.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And for everyday use. Sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, got it.

Speaker B: And then we just do the same thing with the melamine lockers, which go onto to that sort of selling point as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I, I, yeah, I think it's, it's serving the purpose. Does anyone else have any thoughts? I think they look great. Yeah. From Kyla. Yeah, it serves the purpose, you know, for where they are placed and who they are for. If we were doing this as a campaign or on social media or, you know, somewhere to acquire new customers, I probably would make them a little bit more drawing people in, not on the price point, but on your selling points.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: Awesome. And then if I just show up this, this, I've had, no one's actually had a look at this website yet, so I just thought I'd pop and show it.

Speaker A: So it's, did you build it?

Speaker B: Yes, I built it just in WordPress. The menu is actually going to have all the different categories in there, but at the moment it's just basically this is us and then it just goes straight on to products with your list of menus down the side.

Speaker A: Um, the tagline is great. Australian made. And then what was, uh, what is it? Australian made, built to last.

Speaker B: Yeah, we get really good feedback on these products, so yeah, we're happy to spruik them as much as possible because they do last. Yeah, um, a bit more. Sorry, go down.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Oh, are you— yeah, scroll down. Sorry, sorry, I thought I saw a spelling mistake, but I didn't.

Speaker B: Yep. So it's just basically products, and if people want to sort them, um, then they just go to whichever size they want.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker B: Um, but yeah, I, I don't know if the front's too simple or if I should—

Speaker D: I'm not sure.

Speaker A: I wonder if— can you go to the homepage again? I wonder if that image at the top— I don't know if I like the first image there with the photoshopped products on.

Speaker B: I probably would make that image something a bit more engaging, like someone maybe using the products, do you think?

Speaker A: Or yeah, maybe ask ChatGPT to— maybe just give ChatGPT a few prompts like If you have the paid version, it will make you some pretty decent images and you can, you can just upload. You can even upload this picture and say, hey, make this more engaging in front of, you know, even if it's eye-catching, like in nature or a better background. And then you can also maybe do somewhere you have people in a space where they use these boxes.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: And you can just, or you can even upload one of your own images and say, hey, can you make this a bit more organized? Boxes we need her. Yeah, it comes up with— it looks a bit cheap, this one.

Speaker B: It looks a bit cheap. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, but I like the top, I like the logo and all that. I think that's really good.

Speaker B: Okay, well, thank you for your feedback.

Speaker A: No, you've done super well on that one. Really good. Yeah, awesome. Thanks, Emma. Michelle, do you have anything that you're working on that you would love to chat about?

Speaker E: I actually, I've been working on a flyer. I've just started working on it, so I didn't send it in for this week because I didn't get too far. But I can— it'd be good to get feedback, I guess, at this point in the process.

Speaker A: I just made you a co-host too. Okay. And can you just share with us what the purpose is of the flyer? Who it's for?

Speaker E: So The flyer is a— it's to— we've got openings in our DBT program. So we're just trying— we've never actually advertised this program. We've just done a website and been running it from that. And so we recently started a new— one of the clinicians did a trauma yoga group. So she put out some flyers to the local GP practices and actually printed them drop them off, uh, to the practices. So she had a good response with that. So we thought we might try that with this because we've just, we've just never done anything for it. We've just automatically had referrals, but we're looking to expand a little bit and we've got some space. So this is very rough. We literally, it's, I've just dumped the pieces of information in here so that somebody else could work on it this afternoon, but Yeah, I don't know if I could— is that better?

Speaker A: Yeah, do, do. So the, the most— when we look at these, like, one of the first things I always look at is, is does the headline capture me to read the next thing? Yeah, that's right. Is this for doctors and, and receptionists to then send you people, or is this to give to potential people who want to come in for the—

Speaker E: look, it's too— it's For the doctors to know what we offer and to, to be able to give it to the clients. Okay. That's the—

Speaker B: yeah.

Speaker A: But they could give this to the clients to go—

Speaker E: yeah, yeah. They could give it to the client or get the client to scan it so that it takes them directly to the website with all the information.

Speaker A: Yeah. Um, so the headline needs to be appealing for me, I guess, as a, a potential client. Of yours. And I don't know if it's just me, but does anyone know, if you just didn't read the rest, what DBT is?

Speaker E: I've never heard of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you're in the therapy side, people would know, but outside of that, yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And most of your clients who will be referred, they're not, you know, they probably don't know. I need this, but I don't know that I need it because I don't know what it is. So headline is to always change. Yeah. And I'm not going to worry too much about the design because you said you're going to give it to someone.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Design.

Speaker A: Yeah. So we need the headline that is, that is going to make me want to read the next thing.

Speaker E: Yeah. What would, what would, I guess, asking you guys not, because I guess we're so in the therapy space that we kind of don't know what people don't know or what would capture attention or.

Speaker A: I'm just reading the rest because I'm just trying to figure out what exactly am I getting if for this intake, like what, what am I signing up for? I'm just trying to, uh, yeah, so it doesn't tell me anything what I'm getting. Yeah, other than, than manage intense emotions, reduce harmful behaviors. And create meaningful lives, even like harmful behaviors. What does it mean? Like, am I hurting others or myself? Or is this for abusive people? Like, is this for people who are abusive? Or I don't know. And I actually really don't know from this flyer.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker E: Look, it does create, it does cover the range of behaviors, impulsive behaviors and things like that. So it is people who lose it on with other people and people who are self-harming or struggle with self-harm urges and things like that. Okay.

Speaker A: Uh, yeah. Who is like a perfect person to go through this program?

Speaker E: Oh, we have people from 18 up to 40s and older, but, um, who life is a bit of a mess and they kind of, despite how many Monday mornings they say, I'm going to get myself together, I'm going to change, I'm going to get a new job. And then that will be different. And, you know, I'll get out of this relationship, I'm going to, and then it will be different. Um, but they kind of keep going around the same circles. Um, that's the, um, the thing. So it's about teaching people skills that they've missed out on learning in life so far to be able to kind of get the life that they want to live, they want to show up for.

Speaker A: You, you basically— everything that you said is so much better that's on the flyer. So, um, you know, things like— and people can resonate with these things— like, things like, are you going around in circles? Are you stuck in old patterns? Do you wake up on a Monday morning and wish you were somewhere else? You know, these are all things that— oh yes, me! Then I'm reading, because otherwise I, I don't need this. Yeah. In normal— sorry, normal— in, in language that is, people can go, yep, that's totally me. So you said really good stuff. You said, you know, going around in circles, stuck in old patterns, waking up on a Monday morning wishing things were different. So many people at, you know, these doctor offices will go like, yeah, Man, that's me. And then you can maybe soften a bit and, you know, use your own language, but you can say something like either you could, but that's kind of a bit cliché, you know, either you can go down the route and you say it, you're not alone. I probably like to go a bit more scientific and say, or research-based and say, uh, in Australia, you know, 70% of people are struggling with whatever, because there is obviously—

Speaker E: you're not alone, kind of. That's another way of saying it. Yeah.

Speaker A: And you, you probably know the data, you know, in Australia. And is this also anxiety and stuff related, this program?

Speaker E: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And I guess we could, you know, say something about in Australia, anxiety and depression, anxiety, depression, and other I guess they're not disorders, but other emo—

Speaker E: what are they? Emotional difficulties or—

Speaker A: emotional difficulties are on the rise. Um, and then something along the lines of— and I'm just taking notes so I can put that in the chat— but it doesn't have to be this way. Is DBT Solutions a name of your, one of your sub-businesses, or what's—

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, it's a, it's a program we run.

Speaker A: Yeah, at DBT Solutions, a program run by, and then add your, your business name. Um, our focus is on on— it's almost like I'll focus on, on teaching you, but it doesn't have to be, you know, that word— teaching you the most powerful tools and skills for you to live.

Speaker E: You said that word before, build, build the life you want to live.

Speaker A: Yeah, to build the life you, you want to live. And is this like science-based sort of program?

Speaker E: Like, how do you mean?

Speaker A: Oh, you say, yeah, evidence-based.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's research.

Speaker A: Uh, we offer comprehensive evidence-based dialectic behavior therapy. And so the whole program is based on this evidence-based dialectic behavior therapy?

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah. And it's a, it's a 20-week program? Yeah. And it's a, it's a program with— it looks like it, there's multiple people in the program?

Speaker E: Yeah. Yep. So there's an— you see somebody individually every week for the 20 weeks, and you also attend a skills training class.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker E: Every week for the 20 weeks. Yeah. So it's a, it's a lot of places will offer just the class or just the individual therapy, but the, the way it was researched and evidence-based is with all the pieces.

Speaker A: Yeah. It's something like, you know, at DBT Solutions, a program run by, uh, blah, blah, our focus is on teaching you the most powerful tools and skills for you to build the life you want. And then we need to something add about that. It's, you know, the, the methodology is used is based on the evidence-based dialectic behavior therapy. Most people wouldn't, you know, that's not a buying point. The buying point is that I just want to not feel the way I feel every day.

Speaker E: Yeah. Or the person I care about to not feel that way.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And then you could just say, you know, how it works. And then this whole text there could be how it works is weekly individual therapy with, you know, your— and then add your selling point because your selling point is that you match the person, the person with the perfect therapist.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: I don't know how you language that, but you have a way to say it really well.

Speaker E: Um, yeah, our little tagline.

Speaker A: Yep, yeah, yeah. And then we have— so initial assessment, how it works, initial assessment. And then I would just make bullet points: weekly therapy with a therapist that is perfectly matched to you, the group sessions, blah blah. And then we just need to have a call to action.

Speaker E: As soon as I looked at this, once we were in the meeting, I was like, oh, it doesn't have a call to action. Call us. I was like, I've got that in my head finally.

Speaker B: Call us.

Speaker A: Well, they kind of have a call to action. They scan here for DBT solution.

Speaker E: Yeah, but that's just information more as opposed to saying call us to find out whether this might be the right program for you or whatever.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So I would probably say something like November intake is now open, limited spot. How many spots? Yeah. Call this number, call blah blah blah to find out more. And then have you got some testimonials? Oh, are you allowed to use testimonials?

Speaker E: Yeah, we're not allowed to.

Speaker A: Not allowed. Are you under the APRA kind of—

Speaker E: APRA, yeah.

Speaker A: They just got a new thing out that is about, um, you can't even respond to Google reviews anymore.

Speaker E: Did you see that? Yeah. Yeah. We're going through all the code of conduct and all of that stuff now. It's messy. Yeah. Yeah. You have to be very, very, very careful.

Speaker A: Oh, it's completely messy.

Speaker E: Which is good. It protects the public from—

Speaker A: Yeah, but some of these things don't make sense. Like the latest one that has come out, which is you can't respond to Google reviews. That's rude. You know, that's just not cool, because if I leave you a review and you don't respond, I don't know these guidelines. I'm like, these guys don't even acknowledge my, my review that I left for them.

Speaker E: How rude.

Speaker A: I don't think it's a good rule.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah. No, no, no. But you hear some of the stories behind the scenes and you go like, oh, that's why they don't let you do it, because it's really dodgy and stuff.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: But Yeah, I just popped the text that we've brainstormed in the, in the chat, but can you see how it's suddenly so much more?

Speaker E: Yeah, I never know where to aim these things. That's one of the things I realize is it's just really hard to know where to, to aim them. We feel like our website, our website does a good job when people get to that, they get the right information they need to kind of make that decision to call us. But this kind of thing, I'm never quite sure. How much detail to put in or what language to use. So that's good feedback.

Speaker A: Yeah, I would always start with, with who is it for? Who exactly do I need? Who do I want when they see this? Who do I want to pay attention, go, oh, I'm going to read the next line? So you've already established that 20 to 40, 20 to 50, 60-year-olds that are just going around in circles. They got— they maybe struggle with any of the common things, mental challenges, mental health. You could probably add in there that mental health challenges are on the increase.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So who is it for? Okay, cool. Now what do they get? Because I don't care about how you fix me. I care— I don't care about the methodology, whether you use DBT or ABC or whatever else. I don't care, you know. So you need to think like them. They don't care what methodology you use as long as you help me to stop going around in circles, feel better in my own skin, all these things.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: Okay, that's good. Yeah, so start with that ad, and because you can't use testimonials, then at least a sentence like, in Australia, mental health challenges are on the rise. 70% of the population, it is, you know, says that they struggle with mental health. Yeah, and there will be some stats out there.

Speaker E: Yeah.

Speaker A: That's— and then just what's included. And yes, Emma has a really good point too. She's like, I agree, what happens during 20 weeks in one month? Do we tackle it? So what do I get basically?

Speaker E: Cool.

Speaker A: Yeah, you can just copy paste out that and just make it your own. Put it into ChatGPT, say, hey, make this more emotional, add the DBT in there somewhere. Yeah, so you can say, you know, our methodology is based on this, this.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker C: Um, does the, um, QR— I've just scanned it, it goes just directly to your website. Yeah. Is it— so this is not a specific— like, I, I'm on your website now and you've got a few sort of sessions.

Speaker E: There was one sort of a trauma session That was the yoga, the trauma yoga.

Speaker C: Yoga, yeah, yeah, that looked— that, that was laid out pretty well. Is this something that's kind of similar?

Speaker A: I'm a bit confused.

Speaker E: Yeah, so the— they're two separate programs. So this is one thing I, I did the QR code yesterday quickly for the person who's working on it, but I haven't clicked through to test it yet either.

Speaker C: So, oh right, wasn't ready for today.

Speaker E: So yeah, I need to go through and make sure it goes to the place I Yeah, it's going to you.

Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, it is. It's going to your DBT Solutions. I was just clicking through to see what else you had because I like the way the, the layout of your, the trauma and yoga one was set up because it had like a section that said who, when, where. Um, it was like really simplified for, for my brain anyway.

Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, that's good feedback. That's good feedback. I'll go back and have a look because, um, they put a lot of work into getting that first pilot program off the ground and already have the waiting list for the next one, which is great.

Speaker A: Oh, good. Yeah, yeah, really awesome, really awesome work. Great feedback too. Awesome. Well done. That was, that was super useful. You just banged out a whole new flyer that I think it's gonna land much better. Well done.

Speaker E: Get somebody to— feedback I needed.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's exactly what you needed because you got it done within 10 minutes of, you know, doing this. So awesome work. And It'll get easier and easier. I would always just start because you're so close to it. You're the technician, you know all this. So we here don't know any of this. We only know we have issues, but we don't know how to fix them. You help us fix them, but you need to get us interested.

Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah. Make it something that looks interesting.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That resonates. And also that kind of normalized that I have issues, you know, that doesn't make me feel like, cause some of the copy on there was almost like, you know, harmful behavior. I'm like, oh, fuck, like, that's not for me. Even though maybe I have harmful behaviors, like, yeah, I'm not harming anyone, you know, but obviously we all have self-harmful thoughts and stuff like that.

Speaker E: Yeah, cool.

Speaker A: Yeah. Awesome. Hey, well done. Great to see you all. I will see you, maybe some of you tomorrow. We have the session tomorrow with Brendan at 10, which is a conversion session. It will be good. It'll be a good session, and it's also recorded, but hopefully you can come live. It's always good to come live. It'll be 90 minutes, 10 to 11:30. Awesome. Sarah, I can't make it.

Speaker B: I watched—

Speaker D: yes, true. Um, I watched Brendan's session from the Genius Bunch yesterday in the recording, and so I definitely want to come because I need to recap a couple of things, and I want to ask some questions. Is the content— is there more to this session tomorrow, or is it a bit— yes.

Speaker A: Okay, great. Yeah, I went through the content with him yesterday to make sure it's not the same, so some of it is overlapping, but a lot of it is different.

Speaker D: Okay, lovely. Yeah, that's exciting.

Speaker B: Awesome.

Speaker A: Yeah, cool. I'll see you tomorrow at 3 in the morning for you.

Speaker D: Yes, too much fun. Get a coffee.

Speaker A: Exactly. All right, bye.

Speaker C: Thank you.

Speaker A: Bye.