Christo (Coach): Let's go. We're here to talk advisory board now. As usual on advisory board sessions, there's no right or wrong, good or bad. Everything as usual, keeping to ourselves. Obviously, we never know who knows who, so keep it confidential to look after one another here if it's anything sensitive. If you have any ideas, thoughts, experience, or anything you can share that relates to anyone else's questions, chime in. We would love a chime in. I love to be interrupted in the middle of it. I like the contribution. More brains are always better than one or two. We're a small group today, so we can just go for it. So, Michelle, you are first up. You had feedback. Do you want to talk us through what got you to this point with this one?

(Client): Maybe. So some really good feedback last week. I didn't feel I was ready to present anything because we were just getting started and I just dumped some ideas onto the sheet. But Francesca said, oh, look, we don't have anything. So each of you can have a turn sharing something you're working on. I didn’t have it prepared, but actually it was the best experience because it was the feedback I needed right at that time and redirected what I did. I think we incorporated most of the feedback I got from the group last week. This is a flyer to go out to GPs and mental health services and teams in the local area about a 6-month program that we run. We've currently got some openings coming up in the next intake. It's going to be given to services, to be given to clients or potential clients or family members.

Christo: And they'll pass it on.

Client: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's our target.

Christo: Good on you for throwing it in the mix last time and making it happen because it's got you this far. Otherwise, it might still be stuck as a thought and not a reality yet. That's great. It's a good practice to get thrown on the spot. Keep in mind things never have to be perfect. That's why we have advisory boards—to help you get it done rather than having to have it right. I hear it a lot from members: “I just want to get it right before I send it through.” The whole point is trying to get it right, not being perfect from the start. It can be scribbled on paper or even just a chat to get clarity out of your head. At this stage, or anywhere really, it's about progress not perfection.

Client: It really flipped how we targeted it from the information we'd had initially.

Christo: I can see the marketing structure here. Now my big questions for you on this one: DBT Solutions—because it's going to industry, to health practitioners, do they know what DBT solutions are? What is DBT?

Client: The mental health services will, a lot of GPs will, and that's why we put the tagline underneath: “comprehensive dialectical behavior therapy,” because that's a point of difference from a lot of what people offer. They would know, or know that means it's different than just a group or just DBT-informed sessions, individual sessions.

Christo: Just asking about your headline, like if I just process this—this is my main question for the whole flyer—generally, we have to assume the reader knows less than we do. So if they're dealing with someone with the common cold every day, or it's a receptionist at a general practitioner's—do they look at this and they glance at the biggest text on there, “DBT Solutions,” do they know what that is, or do they think that's a business name? We have to assume people often don't really know, even the customers. Unless it's really in the industry lingo, like 100% dialectical behavior therapy and people know DBT. Obviously, I don't, but I'm not the target market.

Client: Mental health services would be more likely. Oftentimes clients are being told, like in the emergency departments or by psychiatrists, “you should go get DBT,” and they don't even tell them what that is. Is what you're saying that we should have that second section bigger or more prominent than the title?

Christo: As a marketer, your headline is your money front. To quote the grandfather of advertising, David Ogilvy, he said you’ve spent 80 cents of every dollar of your marketing on the headline. Headline is 80 cents of your entire dollar; that’s where your whole value sits to grab people’s attention. The headline needs the most refining and focus of every bit of text on here. If it doesn’t intrigue the right person enough to get what it is and get them to read the next line, it’s not doing its job. The headline’s job is to grab your target market’s attention and intrigue enough for them to read on.

Client: Yeah. Who are these people? What is this first and then who are they?

Christo: Exactly. It’s something like, “struggling with overwhelming emotions,” you know, oh, okay, got it. Anyone who's struggling with overwhelming emotions, I understand it. I’ve got it. Now I want to read the next line. Even if it was just “dialectical behavior therapy,” as the headline, I don’t know if you need “comprehensive” right there, or you could say that it’s a comprehensive approach further in the text.

Client: So even in that middle line, “DBT Solutions is a 6-month comprehensive program includes...”

Christo: Yes, just to get like—And I’d still want to ask, is “dialectical behavior therapy” commonly used enough? Is it detail-y or too technical? Do people—

Client: Does anyone else here know what that is? Probably not.

Other participant: When you’re a therapist, you know what it is. On the spectrum and with problems, you know what DBT is. It’s pretty much gold standard treatment, Christo. Evidence-based gold standard, but it’s a program that takes a long time. You learn new emotional regulation skills.

Christo: It sounds like something that’s scientifically proven and works rather than an Instagram expert. That’s what sets it apart, it is gold standard.

Other participant: Yeah, that’s what people are looking for.

Another participant: I think it depends where this brochure's gonna go. If it went out to GPs, they’re gonna know exactly what it is. But as Christo pointed out, if this was hanging up in the shopping center, I’d say very few would know what DBT means.

Client: Where, that question about where is your ideal customer hanging out—it’s more the GPs. Emergency departments, the acute care teams, they definitely know—or social media.

Christo: It sounds like the market will get it, which is what we needed to know. If these are printed off and sitting in the GP waiting room, maybe, I guess, if someone is diagnosed and they need it, then they understand it. It sounds like you’re probably okay then with it. Do you think that headline as it is, “DBT Solutions,” is clear enough? Or should it be the whole word, the acronym, or “Dialectical Behaviour Therapy”?

Other participant: I would have something that draws more like “best practice DBT” or “gold standard DBT,” especially for GPs—they're general practitioners, they're not necessarily going to know what DBT is. For other, if they're giving a flyer to somebody, clients are always looking for words like “gold standard” or “best practice” or “evidence-based.”

Another participant: I didn’t know if it was online, for kids, for adults. That might make it too hard for an unwell person to pursue further if it’s not obvious.

Client: The adolescent programs are different. We only do the adult programs.

Another participant: So particularly say that somewhere in there.

Client: Yeah.

Other participant: Then I’d know, okay, this is easy. I can call someone and talk about it.

Client: Yeah. I’m not going to get rejected. Got it.

Other participant: Could that go in the line “learn emotional regulation skills—for adults to create real change with support every—” so you actually make that more tailored.

Client: Yeah, yeah.

Christo: Even that 6 months could be “adults, 6-month program” or “DBT adult, 6-month program” or something like that.

Client: Yeah. I was thinking, can we add in something to that, “DBT Solution 6-month...” It’s getting longer and longer, but maybe it needs to be...

Christo: Maybe you could—since you’ve covered “solutions” already. The 6-month program, right.

Another participant: Would this be covered under any healthcare cover, Medicare, NDIS...?

Client: We’ve got a lot of information on that in the ScanMe on our website pages. So the cost, what Medicare can cover, you can use NDIS funding.

Other participant: If I looked at that and knew I was poor, I would go, I can never afford this.

Client: Yeah, we would love to get the health funds to fund this, but that’s a longer-term project.

Christo: I know it’s hard for health professionals to often get social proof. I’m not sure—you probably can’t use a testimonial—but is there something you could put on there? The reason I thought, maybe something like “trusted by the local community for over 15 years.”

Client: The new code of conduct for psychologists is very strict. I'm very wary about going anywhere close to that line. What about stating how long we’ve been doing it? We’ve been running this for a very long time. That's just a statement of fact.

Christo: Exactly.

Client: On our website we have, between the three of us there, we have 50+ years of experience of doing this.

Christo: Yeah, could be something like that, that just shows like you didn’t just pop up yesterday. You’re real. Also, sometimes social proof could be business awards, media mentions, or associations, memberships or accreditations—little logos such as “trusted provider” of a relevant association, something like that.

Client: We'd like to be the first certified program in DBT in Australia, but that's a long-term project.

Christo: Could you provide a number, like how many people have done the course? If that is allowed, that can show it's a trusted program.

Client: Yeah, we just have to be careful in terms of, yeah.

Christo: Family-based business for over 15 years, 20 years—something like that gives a bit of trust and credibility.

Client: Our programs are pretty much face to face at the moment, so we're really only drawing from the local area. People are usually grateful to find that it’s local and they don’t have to travel to the city or other suburbs.

Other participant: Another point—a person wanting to do this could be unwell. You want to make this as simple as you can for them. The 6-month program might not excite someone—it feels like a long-term commitment to someone who's not feeling well.

Client: Yeah, it is. It's a big commitment.

Other participant: Maybe that could be in the scan me part.

Client: Yep, yep, it's true.

Christo: It could be “step-by-step program” or something like that.

Other participant: Or, “we help you all the way through the program,” or “all-encompassing program includes assessment, individual…”

Other participant: Is that a matter then that the support is customized to some degree?

Client: Well, there's a structured program, but the individual work is personalized. You decide what you're going to target, what behaviors you want to develop or change. The skills groups are where you learn, and the individual session is for fine-tuning—skills coaching is individual as well.

Other participant: I like that description of having it customized.

Client: That's often a criticism of DBT, that it can be presented as too rigid, so you're, yep.

Other participant: This notion of co-designing your program between self and therapist, sort of a two-way process. If people know they can contribute in how to do their program, then the 6 months is less intimidating.

Client: Yeah, yeah.

Other participant: (gave positive anecdote about local reputation and social proof)

Christo: You could call yourself the DBT guru on the local area.

Other participant: There’s probably nothing in the guidelines that says you can’t call yourself a guru.

Client: Not sure, probably best not to tell the others that.

Christo: Cool. Have you got clarity there, Michelle?

Client: Yeah. I’ll probably be back next week.

Christo: And that's totally fine. That's the way to do it. That one line is getting longer, but you can tweak and bring it back next week. Or if you want some specific part looked at sooner, post it in the members website in the community chat and tag me. On these sessions we can discuss it.

Client: This has been great feedback. Thank you.

Christo: Well done. Are you good on that one, or shall we move along? Cool. As always, feel free to make changes and resubmit.

Christo: Amy, your question—your team have put in, very good, very relevant. So you basically recorded a series of videos on Zoom and need help improving the quality of the picture, splicing them up for an online course. Can we suggest both a do-it-yourself video editing program, and a done-for-you option so someone else can do it? I chatted this through with my team, and Chris is doing most of the videos. I'll pop this into the chat so you can copy it out.

Client: Thank you.

Christo: So, three programs. Just for the first part of the question, do-it-yourself. Canva—if you're already using Canva, great option for beginners in video editing, easy to use, drag, drop, edit, ready-made templates. They also have stock videos and music within the program. Capwing—beginner-friendly editor, kind of like Canva, but more focused on video. Have you used Canva at all?

Client: Yeah, I have, but I've got a virtual assistant in the UK who does most of that.

Christo: You might be able to just palm it off to her.

Client: Yeah.

Christo: That makes this quicker because then she does all my socials.

Client: I just tell her the quotes that I want from my blog each fortnight and she just puts it all together in Canva. I'm on social media scrolling through and think, oh, that's a nice post, and go, oh, it's mine.

Christo: Then it's quicker for you to give her feedback. Keep the file open—she edits, exports, you review, rewatch. Even if she's learning it a little bit slow with the video part, time invested in her is worth it and she's going to be using Canva regardless. Sometimes I don’t like it when I'm paying team to learn something and then we change the program, but Canva's perfect since you'll keep using her anyway.

Client: I've used her since I did the original program a few years ago. Someone in my network put me onto her—she just churns out all my branding, all my branded stuff.

Christo: So good. Putting the question to her is the next step. If for some reason you need someone else for Done For You, we can always ask in our community—other members will have someone, or you can find people on Upwork. But I think just go with your current VA.

Client: Yeah, it's just whether she's got the time or not, she's pretty smashed. But I'll run that past her and if not, I'll just hire someone. It'll pay for itself. I've got so many couples wanting to come to therapy and I just can't keep up. To have a course that will help them with communication, conflict, and connection for less than the price of one session, it would be gold.

Christo: Exactly. Or, “Sorry, you can join our waitlist. In the meantime, here’s this.”

Client: Yeah, exactly.

Christo: Any issues, bring it back to us on next week's advisory board. If she can't do it, you might ease her into it—it doesn’t have to be all 300 videos in a week. With online courses, as long as you’re ahead of the first sale, you're good.

Client: Makes a lot of sense.

Christo: Also, while we're here, about your book—regarding the contact I sent you for eBook formatting, I’ll follow up.

Client: Thanks, Christo. I replied straight away and followed up with him, but nothing. Maybe he's away.

Christo: He only emailed me maybe a week or two ago to send royalties, so he's around. I'll email him again and give him a nudge.

Client: Thanks, Christo.

Christo: No worries. There’s also Sandy, but she mostly assists and coaches through writing and self-publishing. I'm not sure about the online publishing side. Tom has been good for us—just gave him the Word docs and he formatted everything for ebooks, so I’ll try him again.

Client: Thanks, Christo.

Christo: No worries. Let us know with the video if there's any follow-up. Even if you get an edit drafted, we can have a look.

Client: Thanks, I'll be slamming through a stack of stuff. I want to get the backend ready before coming to you with the marketing stuff.

Christo: Get a first one done, then you can follow the formula. Awesome. And then, Fran, your question. You’ve got about 90 people coming to your free webinar today. Attached is the current flyer for the free session. How do I go about making an offer regarding an upcoming workshop? Can I use the same flyer or do I make changes? So to clarify, this is a free webinar—you've used this flyer and want people who attend the webinar to then book in for a paid workshop?

Client: That's right.

Christo: How long is the workshop, and how much is it?

Client: A couple of options—one is a 3-hour workshop, the other is a 12-hour workshop. The 3-hour workshop is sitting around $85, the 12-hour one is around $400.

Christo: Are they individual workshops, or is this a group session with a set date?

Client: Group session, everyone as individuals signs up.

Christo: Do you have dates set?

Client: Not yet. To do this afternoon, right?

Christo: Yes, exactly. So first thing: you need to have a date. If it’s too soon, you might miss them. If it’s way off, it's confusing. Two or three weeks is probably the sweet spot, a month ideal for planning. But you need to have a date first—this is the first thing to do this afternoon. The flyer needs to be adjusted; if you want to use it, it needs to be changed from “webinar.” Now to pitching: Ideally aim to start talking about the workshop—with about 10 minutes remaining on your allotted time. If you get to 8 PM and then start talking about the workshop, people will think they’re finished and be ready to leave. Talk about your offer inside the session duration, not after.

Explain more details about what will be covered in the upcoming workshops. Shine a light on the pathway so they're not stepping into a dark room. Explain: “the workshop will be running at XYZ location, this date, we'll cover these topics...” Show the pathway verbally or with slides, make it clear, remove as much uncertainty as possible.

Then you need a very clear call to action. Tell them exactly what to do next: “to book in, put your email and phone number in the chat and I’ll hold your spot,” or, if you have a booking link, “here’s the registration link.”

If you can have an incentive, use that. People need a bit of a push—if you say, “we're only taking 10 people,” or “limited numbers,” and “only for today the price is X.” For example, “for being here today, instead of the usual $297 for the 3-hour session, we’re doing it for $147 today, but you need to let me know on today’s session.” With 90 registrations and only 10 or so spots, you add urgency.

And when you give a link, ask everyone to click so it’s open in their browser: “once we close this workshop, you won't be able to find this link.” If no link, get their details and tell them you'll follow up.

On your pricing: $85 for a 3-hour workshop is very low. That would be a promotional price if you're selling a high-ticket course at the end. If you’re offering $85 for a full skills workshop, it's too low, especially for professional development. It would create the perception that your time and value are low, which impacts credibility. There needs to be a balance where your price justifies the use of their time.

Client: The reason for the price is that KAM approach isn’t as widely recognized and doesn’t have big research funding behind it, so I’m trying to get momentum. The more people in, the more the word gets out, and I can build credibility. When I’ve put the price up, the numbers have dropped, so I’m still figuring it out.

Christo: All that makes sense because you want to build momentum. But your price is too low right now. If the value you deliver is greater than the price you charge, you’re in the right spot. But people also need to feel confident in spending their time. At $85, it could create suspicion—“what am I actually getting for that?” Try the stomach test: would $125 feel okay? $160? $190? See what feels fair for the value they get. They're getting skills to use in work—and in life—potentially forever.

Client: For the 3-hour workshop, I’d be comfortable sitting around $125 - $130.

Christo: The website isn’t as important as the value you deliver. No one really cares about a beautiful website if what they're getting is valuable. Your pricing needs to reflect the value, not necessarily match the website or competitors directly. Maybe you position it as usually $197, but tonight it's $147—a discount for people live on the session. You don’t want it to be unrealistic, but $197 seems reasonable, and you still have an introductory rate.

Other participant: From a buyer's perspective, a price starting with “1” looks better, and using a “7” or “9” ($147, $197) is more attractive.

Christo: You can mark it as a special, so after this session, “it will be going up.” If you start low, it’s hard to move up, so set the bar a bit higher now.

Client: When the price moved up to $240+, I dropped to about 5 tickets sold. At $95, I got about 20 people. The organisations have other established training, but tonight is a chance with bigger players in the free session. I think tonight is about giving them a clear understanding, and then I can review my pricing going forward.

Christo: Do the contrast—say, “usually $197, tonight just $147” or whatever you’re comfortable with. Plant the seed now and review your pricing after. Focus for tonight is clarity and setting up the pitch inside the session time.

Client: I appreciate the advice about pitching inside the timeframe, otherwise I would have left it until the end, but now I'll do it with about 10 minutes to go.

Christo: If you’re squeezed for time, make sure there’s at least a few minutes at the end for the offer before people start leaving. Keep us updated on how it goes.

Client: Will do.

Christo: Well done, Fran. It's good to have a little healthy push. I remember telling you earlier in the year that if we take this thing away you don’t have anything here as a brand. That was a turning point and since then you’ve gotten a lot clearer. As you develop new workshops, have different price points for leadership, practitioners, support workers, families. But for now, clarity and pricing are key.

That wraps up today's session. Thank you for all the input and questions. See you next week, or online in between. As usual, send anything through, big, small, or vague, for future sessions. That's why we're here.